recruit_character = ENG_George_V
recruit_character = ENG_Edward_VIII
recruit_character = ENG_George_VI
recruit_character = ENG_Arnold_Spencer_Leese
recruit_character = ENG_RBD_Blakeney
recruit_character = ENG_Oswald_Mosley
recruit_character = ENG_Enoch_Powell
recruit_character = ENG_Andrew_Bonar_Law
recruit_character = ENG_Stanley_Baldwin
recruit_character = ENG_Neville_Chamberlain
recruit_character = ENG_Winston_Churchill
recruit_character = ENG_Lord_Halifax
recruit_character = ENG_Anthony_Eden
recruit_character = ENG_Harold_MacMillan
recruit_character = ENG_Alec_DouglasHome
recruit_character = ENG_Edward_Heath
recruit_character = ENG_Henry_CampbellBannerman
recruit_character = ENG_Herbert_Henry_Asquith
recruit_character = ENG_William_Adamson
recruit_character = ENG_JR_Clynes
recruit_character = ENG_James_Callaghan
recruit_character = ENG_Michael_Foot
recruit_character = ENG_Neil_Kinnock
recruit_character = ENG_Ramsay_MacDonald
recruit_character = ENG_Clement_Attlee
recruit_character = ENG_David_Lloyd_George
recruit_character = ENG_Hugh_Gaitskell
recruit_character = ENG_Harold_Wilson
recruit_character = ENG_Harry_Pollitt
recruit_character = ENG_Tom_Mann
recruit_character = ENG_Archibald_Ramsay
recruit_character = ENG_William_Joyce
recruit_character = ENG_Lord_Arthur_Wellesley
recruit_character = ENG_Lord_Josslyn_Erroll
recruit_character = ENG_Henry_Williamson
recruit_character = ENG_Duke_of_Westminster
recruit_character = ENG_Harold_George_Nicolson
recruit_character = ENG_Arthur_Balfour
recruit_character = ENG_George_Curzon
recruit_character = ENG_Austen_Chamberlain
recruit_character = ENG_Viscount_Templewood
recruit_character = ENG_John_Simon
recruit_character = ENG_John_Selwyn_Lloyd
recruit_character = ENG_Richard_A_Butler
recruit_character = ENG_Sir_Geoffrey_Howe
recruit_character = ENG_Edward_Grey
recruit_character = ENG_Francis_Pym
recruit_character = ENG_Arthur_Henderson
recruit_character = ENG_Ernest_Bevin
recruit_character = ENG_Herbert_Morrison
recruit_character = ENG_Archibald_Sinclair
recruit_character = ENG_Alfred_Robens
recruit_character = ENG_Aneurin_Bevan
recruit_character = ENG_Denis_Healey
recruit_character = ENG_Patrick_Gordon_Walker
recruit_character = ENG_Norman_Angell
recruit_character = ENG_Rajani_Palme_Dutt
recruit_character = ENG_Dave_Springhall
recruit_character = ENG_Ian_Mikardo
recruit_character = ENG_DN_Pritt
recruit_character = ENG_Phil_Piratin
recruit_character = ENG_Samuel_Hoare
recruit_character = ENG_Henry_Hamilton_Beamish
recruit_character = ENG_John_Beckett
recruit_character = ENG_Arthur_Chesterton
recruit_character = ENG_Jeffrey_Hamm
recruit_character = ENG_Maxwell_Knight
recruit_character = ENG_George_Cave
recruit_character = ENG_William_Bridgeman
recruit_character = ENG_William_JoynsonHicks
recruit_character = ENG_John_Anderson
recruit_character = ENG_David_Maxwell_Fyfe
recruit_character = ENG_Donald_Bradley_Somervell
recruit_character = ENG_Brendan_Bracken
recruit_character = ENG_Gwilym_LloydGeorge
recruit_character = ENG_Henry_Brooke
recruit_character = ENG_William_Whitelaw
recruit_character = ENG_Herbert_Gladstone
recruit_character = ENG_Reginald_McKenna
recruit_character = ENG_Herbert_Samuel
recruit_character = ENG_Edward_Shortt
recruit_character = ENG_John_Gilmour
recruit_character = ENG_J_R_Clynes
recruit_character = ENG_Leo_Amery
recruit_character = ENG_James_Chuter_Ede
recruit_character = ENG_Frank_Pakenham
recruit_character = ENG_Charles_Trevelyan
recruit_character = ENG_John_PlattsMills
recruit_character = ENG_Barbara_Castle
recruit_character = ENG_Arthur_Horner
recruit_character = ENG_Violet_Lansbury
recruit_character = ENG_Lester_Hutchinson
recruit_character = ENG_Sydney_Silvermann
recruit_character = ENG_Kim_Philby
recruit_character = ENG_Neil_FrancisHawkins
recruit_character = ENG_Jorian_Jenks
recruit_character = ENG_Montagu_Collet_Norman
recruit_character = ENG_Alliott_VernonRoe
recruit_character = ENG_Alexander_RavenThomson
recruit_character = ENG_AJP_Taylor
recruit_character = ENG_Herbert_Kitchener
recruit_character = ENG_Edward_Stanley
recruit_character = ENG_Edward_Carson
recruit_character = ENG_Eric_Campbell_Geddes
recruit_character = ENG_Alfred_Milner
recruit_character = ENG_Walter_Long
recruit_character = ENG_Robert_Horne
recruit_character = ENG_Laming_WorthingtonEvans
recruit_character = ENG_Arthur_Lee
recruit_character = ENG_Frederic_Thesiger
recruit_character = ENG_Thomas_Inskip
recruit_character = ENG_Alfred_Duff_Cooper
recruit_character = ENG_Leslie_HoreBelisha
recruit_character = ENG_Ernle_Chatfield
recruit_character = ENG_Hibbert_Cross
recruit_character = ENG_Kingsley_Wood
recruit_character = ENG_Lord_Beaverbrook
recruit_character = ENG_Andrew_Duncan
recruit_character = ENG_Oliver_Stanley
recruit_character = ENG_Henry_Margesson
recruit_character = ENG_John_MooreBrabazon
recruit_character = ENG_Percy_Grigg
recruit_character = ENG_Harold_Alexander
recruit_character = ENG_Walter_Monckton
recruit_character = ENG_Antony_Head
recruit_character = ENG_Duncan_Sandys
recruit_character = ENG_Harold_Watkinson
recruit_character = ENG_Peter_Thorneycroft
recruit_character = ENG_Nigel_Lawson
recruit_character = ENG_John_Morley
recruit_character = ENG_Richard_Haldane
recruit_character = ENG_Edward_Marjoribanks
recruit_character = ENG_John_Edward_Bernard_Seely
recruit_character = ENG_Philip_Snowden
recruit_character = ENG_Stephen_Walsh
recruit_character = ENG_Hugh_Dalton
recruit_character = ENG_Stafford_Cripps
recruit_character = ENG_Albert_V_Alexander
recruit_character = ENG_Emanuel_Shinwell
recruit_character = ENG_John_Burns
recruit_character = ENG_Abe_Moffatt
recruit_character = ENG_Konnie_Zilliacus
recruit_character = ENG_Shapurji_Saklatvala
recruit_character = ENG_Leslie_Solley
recruit_character = ENG_Jack_Gaster
recruit_character = ENG_William_Rust
recruit_character = ENG_SP_James
recruit_character = ENG_Barry_E_Domvile
recruit_character = ENG_John_Amery
recruit_character = ENG_William_Melville
recruit_character = ENG_Charles_Ottley
recruit_character = ENG_Edmond_Slade
recruit_character = ENG_Vernon_Kell
recruit_character = ENG_Mansfield_SmithCumming
recruit_character = ENG_Alexander_Bethell
recruit_character = ENG_Thomas_Jackson
recruit_character = ENG_Henry_Oliver
recruit_character = ENG_George_Macdonagh
recruit_character = ENG_William_Reginald_Hall
recruit_character = ENG_Basil_Thomson
recruit_character = ENG_James_Alfred_Ewing
recruit_character = ENG_William_Milbourne_James
recruit_character = ENG_William_Thwaites
recruit_character = ENG_Alastair_Denniston
recruit_character = ENG_Maurice_Swynfen_Fitzmaurice
recruit_character = ENG_Alan_Geoffrey_Hotham
recruit_character = ENG_Hugh_Sinclair
recruit_character = ENG_Lord_Cecil_of_Chelwood
recruit_character = ENG_Stewart_Menzies
recruit_character = ENG_Robert_Menzies
recruit_character = ENG_John_Hugh_Hare
recruit_character = ENG_Christopher_Soames
recruit_character = ENG_John_Profumo
recruit_character = ENG_James_Ramsden
recruit_character = ENG_Sir_Antony_Duff
recruit_character = ENG_Anthony_Blunt
recruit_character = ENG_William_Gallacher
recruit_character = ENG_Christopher_Hill
recruit_character = ENG_JFC_Fuller
recruit_character = ENG_Neville_Lyttelton
recruit_character = ENG_William_Nicholson
recruit_character = ENG_John_French
recruit_character = ENG_Charles_Douglas
recruit_character = ENG_James_WolfeMurray
recruit_character = ENG_Archibald_Murray
recruit_character = ENG_William_Robertson
recruit_character = ENG_Henry_Wilson
recruit_character = ENG_Frederick_Rudolph_Lambart
recruit_character = ENG_Colin_Mcvean_Gubbins
recruit_character = ENG_George_Milne
recruit_character = ENG_Archibald_Montgomery_Massingberd
recruit_character = ENG_Cyril_Deverell
recruit_character = ENG_Lord_John_Gort
recruit_character = ENG_Edmund_Ironside
recruit_character = ENG_John_Dill
recruit_character = ENG_Alan_Brooke
recruit_character = ENG_Hastings_Ismay
recruit_character = ENG_William_Slim
recruit_character = ENG_John_Harding
recruit_character = ENG_Gerald_Templer
recruit_character = ENG_Francis_Festing
recruit_character = ENG_Richard_AmyattHull
recruit_character = ENG_Sir_Nigel_Bagnall
recruit_character = ENG_Bernard_Montgomery
recruit_character = ENG_Lionel_Ismay
recruit_character = ENG_Archibald_Nye
recruit_character = ENG_Tom_Wintringham
recruit_character = ENG_BH_Liddell_Hart
recruit_character = ENG_James_Grierson
recruit_character = ENG_John_Ewart
recruit_character = ENG_Charles_Callwell
recruit_character = ENG_Frederick_Maurice
recruit_character = ENG_Percy_Radcliffe
recruit_character = ENG_John_BurnettStuart
recruit_character = ENG_Lord_Archibald_Wavell
recruit_character = ENG_Miles_Dempsey
recruit_character = ENG_Sir_Frank_Kitson
recruit_character = ENG_Bill_Alexander
recruit_character = ENG_EH_Cole
recruit_character = ENG_John_Arbuthnot_Fisher
recruit_character = ENG_Arthur_Knyvet_Wilson
recruit_character = ENG_Francis_Bridgeman
recruit_character = ENG_Louis_of_Battenberg
recruit_character = ENG_Henry_Jackson
recruit_character = ENG_John_Jellicoe
recruit_character = ENG_Rosslyn_Wemyss
recruit_character = ENG_David_Beatty
recruit_character = ENG_Louis_Alexander_Mountbatten
recruit_character = ENG_Charles_Madden
recruit_character = ENG_Frederick_Field
recruit_character = ENG_Roger_Backhouse
recruit_character = ENG_Dudley_Pound
recruit_character = ENG_Andrew_Cunningham
recruit_character = ENG_John_Cunningham
recruit_character = ENG_RB_BruceFraser
recruit_character = ENG_Rhoderick_McGrigor
recruit_character = ENG_Francis_Earl_Mountbatten
recruit_character = ENG_David_Luce
recruit_character = ENG_Sir_William_Staveley
recruit_character = ENG_Fred_Copeman
recruit_character = ENG_John_Chamier
recruit_character = ENG_Lord_Williams_Sempill
recruit_character = ENG_Donald_Marendaz
recruit_character = ENG_Railton_Freeman
recruit_character = ENG_Charles_Rumney_Samson
recruit_character = ENG_Murray_Sueter
recruit_character = ENG_Alexander_Bannerman
recruit_character = ENG_David_Henderson
recruit_character = ENG_Frederick_Sykes
recruit_character = ENG_Hugh_Trenchard
recruit_character = ENG_Charles_VaughanLee
recruit_character = ENG_Godfrey_Paine
recruit_character = ENG_John_Salmond
recruit_character = ENG_Edward_Leonard_Ellington
recruit_character = ENG_Owen_Boyd
recruit_character = ENG_Charles_Portal
recruit_character = ENG_Hugh_Dowding
recruit_character = ENG_Frederick_Bowhill
recruit_character = ENG_Cyril_Newall
recruit_character = ENG_Arthur_Harris
recruit_character = ENG_Trafford_LeighMallory
recruit_character = ENG_Arthur_Tedder
recruit_character = ENG_John_Slessor
recruit_character = ENG_William_Dickson
recruit_character = ENG_Dermot_Boyle
recruit_character = ENG_Thomas_Pike
recruit_character = ENG_Charles_Elworthy
recruit_character = ENG_Sir_Keith_Williamson
recruit_character = ENG_William_Sholto_Douglas
recruit_character = ENG_William_Wedgwood_Benn
recruit_character = ENG_John_Strachey
recruit_character = ENG_Archibald_Wavell
recruit_character = ENG_Claude_Auchinleck
recruit_character = ENG_Kenneth_Anderson
recruit_character = ENG_Sholto_Douglas
recruit_character = ENG_Trafford_Leigh_Mallory
recruit_character = ENG_Louis_Mountbatten
recruit_character = ENG_Henry_Harwood
recruit_character = ENG_Max_Horton
recruit_character = ENG_James_Maxton
recruit_character = ENG_Neil_Ritchie
recruit_character = ENG_Alan_Cunningham
recruit_character = ENG_Richard_OConnor
recruit_character = ENG_George_Giffard
recruit_character = ENG_Jackie_Smyth
recruit_character = ENG_Thomas_Jacomb_Hutton
recruit_character = ENG_Arthur_Percival
recruit_character = ENG_Henry_Pownall
recruit_character = ENG_John_Verecer_Lord_Gort
recruit_character = ENG_Jock_Campbell
recruit_character = ENG_Oliver_Leese
recruit_character = ENG_Brian_Horrocks
recruit_character = ENG_James_Fowness_Somerville
recruit_character = ENG_John_Tovey
recruit_character = ENG_Bernard_Rawlings
recruit_character = ENG_Charles_Forbes
recruit_character = ENG_Algernon_Willis
recruit_character = ENG_Arthur_Power
recruit_character = ENG_Gilbert_Stephenson
recruit_character = ENG_Edgar_Ludlow_Hewitt
#########################################################################
# United Kingdom - 1933
#########################################################################
1933.1.1 = {
	capital = 126
	oob = "ENG_1933"
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.15
	set_research_slots = 3
	set_convoys = 800
	add_to_variable = { money = 700 }
	#######################
	# Research
	#######################
	set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1

		### Infantry Tech
		Small_Arms_1900 = 1
		Small_Arms_1916 = 1
		Infantry_Kit_1914 = 1
		Infantry_Kit_1918 = 1

		Heavy_Weapons_1905 = 1
		Heavy_Weapons_1916 = 1
		### Support Company Tech
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		### Artillery Tech
		Artillery_1910 = 1
		Anti_Aircraft_Gun_1914 = 1
		Artillery_Range_Finding_and_Surveying_Tools = 1
		Infantry_Support_Gun_1914 = 1
		Artillery_1916 = 1
		High_Explosive_Shells = 1
		Split_Trail_Carriage = 1
		Motor_Compatible_Carriage = 1
		### Armour Tech
		Motorized_1916 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1916 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1917 = 1
		Light_Tank_1917 = 1
		Light_Tank_1919 = 1
		Light_Tank_1926 = 1
		Medium_Tank_1926 = 1
		Armored_Car_1911 = 1
		Armored_Car_1916 = 1
		Armored_Car_1926 = 1
		### Air Tech
		Unarmed_Recon_1910 = 1
		Fighter_1914 = 1
		Fighter_1916 = 1
		Fighter_1918 = 1
		Fighter_1924 = 1
		cv_Fighter_1918 = 1
		cv_Fighter_1924 = 1
		cv_Fighter_1933 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1916 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1918 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1924 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1933 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1914 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1916 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1918 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1925 = 1
		Naval_Bomber_1918 = 1
		Naval_Bomber_1925 = 1
		Strategic_Bomber_1916 = 1
		#Naval Tech
		DD_1885 = 1
		DD_1900 = 1
		DD_1912 = 1
		DD_1916 = 1
		DD_1922 = 1
		DD_1933 = 1
		CL_1885 = 1
		CL_1900 = 1
		CL_1912 = 1
		CL_1922 = 1
		CL_1933 = 1
		CA_1885 = 1
		CA_1895 = 1
		CA_1906 = 1
		CA_1922 = 1
		CA_1933 = 1
		BC_1906 = 1
		BC_1912 = 1
		BC_1916 = 1
		BB_1885 = 1
		BB_1895 = 1
		BB_1900 = 1
		BB_1906 = 1
		BB_1912 = 1
		BB_1916 = 1
		BB_1922 = 1
		CV_1912 = 1
		CV_1916 = 1
		CV_1922 = 1
		CV_1930 = 1
		SS_1895 = 1
		SS_1912 = 1
		SS_1916 = 1
		SS_1922 = 1
		SS_1933 = 1
		transport = 1
		### Industry
		Industrial_Management = 1
		Factory_Electrification = 1
		Facilities_Design = 1
		Moving_Assembly_Line = 1
		Mass_Production = 1
		Dispersed_Industry = 1
		Basic_Construction_Machines = 1
		Novel_Drills = 1
		Contemporary_Construction_Standards = 1
		Advanced_Drilling_Method = 1
		Construction_Site_Management = 1
		Motorized_Plowing = 1
		Farm_Tractors = 1
		Scientific_Agricultural_Processes = 1
		Mechanized_Agriculture = 1
		### Land Doctrines
		Twentieth_Century_Warfare = 1
		Leading_by_Order = 1
		Strongpoint = 1
		Mass_Charge = 1
		Static_Defence = 1
		Counterattack = 1
		Defence_In_Depth = 1
		Separate_Arms_Force = 1
		Combined_Arms_Effort = 1
		Specialized_Branch_Tactical_Experience = 1
		Beyond_Trench_Warfare = 1
		Planning_Focus = 1
		#Naval Doctrine
		fleet_in_being = 1
		### Engineering
		computing_1 = 1
		computing_2 = 1
		computing_3 = 1
		computing_4 = 1
		decryption_encryption_1 = 1
		decryption_encryption_2 = 1
		### Experimental Research
		rocketry_1 = 1
		rocketry_2 = 1
		nuclear_1 = 1
		### Support Companies
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_1 = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_2 = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_3 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_1 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_2 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_3 = 1
		tech_amphibious_1 = 1
		tech_amphibious_2 = 1
		tech_amphibious_3 = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		tech_recon2 = 1
		tech_recon3 = 1
		tech_recon4 = 1
		tech_military_police = 1
		tech_military_police2 = 1
		tech_military_police3 = 1
		tech_military_police4 = 1
		tech_signal_company = 1
		tech_signal_company2 = 1
		tech_field_hospital = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_1 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_2 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_3 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_1 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_2 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_3 = 1
		tech_logistics_company = 1
		tech_logistics_company2 = 1
		tech_logistics_company3 = 1
		tech_logistics_company4 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company = 1
		tech_maintenance_company2 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company3 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company4 = 1
	}
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1931.10.27"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		fascist = 2
		authoritarian = 2
		democratic = 94
		socialist = 2
		communist = 0
	}
	### Great Depression/Unemployment
	add_ideas = generic_unemployment_idea
	set_variable = { unemployment_value_modifier = 1 }
	set_variable = { current_unemployment = 0.22 }
	clamp_variable = {
		var = current_unemployment
		min = 0
		max = 1
	}
	update_unemployment_modifier = yes
	add_ideas = {
		ENG_Pax_Britannica
		ENG_World_War_One_Reparations
		ENG_Anglo_Irish_Trade_War_1
		ENG_A_Stiff_Upper_Lip
		# GENERIC_London_Naval_Treaty
		# Cabinet
		ENG_George_V_HoG
		ENG_John_Simon_FM
		ENG_Neville_Chamberlain_AM
		ENG_Herbert_Samuel_MoS
		# Military Staff
		ENG_Archibald_Montgomery_Massingberd_CoStaff
		ENG_Archibald_Montgomery_Massingberd_CoArmy
		ENG_Ernle_Chatfield_CoNavy
		ENG_Owen_Boyd_CoAir
		#Policies
		social_spending_level_4
		research_spending_level_4
		full_civil_liberties
	}
	add_timed_idea = { idea = ENG_World_War_One_Reparations days = 1460 }
	create_intelligence_agency = {
		name = "SIS"
		icon = "GFX_intelligence_agency_logo_uk"
	}
	######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	OMA = { give_resource_rights = { receiver = ENG state = 294 } }
	PER = {
		give_resource_rights = { receiver = ENG state = 413 } # Iran
		give_resource_rights = { receiver = ENG state = 412 } # Iran
		give_resource_rights = { receiver = ENG state = 411 } # Iran
	}
	IRQ = {
		give_resource_rights = { receiver = ENG state = 291 } # Iraq
	}
	# Faction
	create_faction = FACTION_Entente
	add_to_faction = ENG
	add_to_faction = FRA
	add_to_faction = NEP
	add_to_faction = OMA
	add_to_tech_sharing_group = commonwealth_research
	# Subjects
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MAL
		autonomous_state = AUTONOMY_Protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.35
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = JOR
		autonomous_state = AUTONOMY_Protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.35
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = KUW
		autonomous_state = AUTONOMY_Protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.35
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = EGY
		autonomous_state = AUTONOMY_Colony
		freedom_level = 0.35
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SWK
		autonomous_state = AUTONOMY_Protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.35
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = BRU
		autonomous_state = AUTONOMY_Protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.35
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = UAE
		autonomous_state = AUTONOMY_Protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.35
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = BHR
		autonomous_state = AUTONOMY_Protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.35
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = QAT
		autonomous_state = AUTONOMY_Protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.35
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = RAJ
		autonomous_state = AUTONOMY_Colony #TODO
		freedom_level = 0.35
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = CAN
		autonomous_state = AUTONOMY_Dominion
		freedom_level = 0.4
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = NFL
		autonomous_state = AUTONOMY_Dominion
		freedom_level = 0.4
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = IRE
		autonomous_state = AUTONOMY_Dominion
		freedom_level = 0.9
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SAF
		autonomous_state = AUTONOMY_Dominion
		freedom_level = 0.4
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = AST
		autonomous_state = AUTONOMY_Dominion
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = NZL
		autonomous_state = AUTONOMY_Dominion
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	give_guarantee = IRQ
	give_guarantee = BHU
	IRQ = { give_military_access = ENG }
	country_event = { id = ENG_Abdication_Crisis.1 days = 1114 } # 1936.1.19
}
#########################################################################
# United Kingdom - 1936
#########################################################################
1936.1.1 = {
	capital = 126
	oob = "ENG_1936"
	set_stability = 0.6
	set_war_support = 0.1
	set_research_slots = 3
	set_convoys = 800
	#######################
	# Research
	#######################
	set_technology = {
		Small_Arms_1916 = 1
		Small_Arms_1935 = 1
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		Motorized_1916 = 1
		Artillery_1910 = 1
		Anti_Aircraft_Gun_1935 = 1
		# Armour Tech
		Heavy_Tank_1916 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1917 = 1
		Light_Tank_1926 = 1
		Light_Tank_1934 = 1
		# Air Tech
		Fighter_1933 = 1
		cv_Fighter_1933 = 1
		Torpedo_bomber_1936 = 1
		Naval_Bomber_1936 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1933 = 1
		Attacker_1936 = 1
		cv_Attacker_1933 = 1
		Strategic_Bomber_1933 = 1
		Strategic_Bomber_1936 = 1
		#Naval Tech
		DD_1885 = 1
		DD_1900 = 1
		DD_1912 = 1
		DD_1916 = 1
		DD_1922 = 1
		DD_1933 = 1
		CL_1885 = 1
		CL_1900 = 1
		CL_1912 = 1
		CL_1922 = 1
		CL_1933 = 1
		CL_1936 = 1
		CA_1885 = 1
		CA_1895 = 1
		CA_1906 = 1
		CA_1922 = 1
		CA_1933 = 1
		CA_1936 = 1
		BC_1906 = 1
		BC_1912 = 1
		BC_1916 = 1
		BC_1933 = 1
		BB_1885 = 1
		BB_1895 = 1
		BB_1900 = 1
		BB_1906 = 1
		BB_1912 = 1
		BB_1916 = 1
		BB_1922 = 1
		BB_1933 = 1
		CV_1912 = 1
		CV_1916 = 1
		CV_1922 = 1
		CV_1930 = 1
		CV_1933 = 1
		CVE_1940 = 1
		SS_1895 = 1
		SS_1912 = 1
		SS_1916 = 1
		SS_1922 = 1
		SS_1933 = 1
		transport = 1
		Trench_Warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		computing_4 = 1
		radar_1 = 1
		radar_2 = 1
	}
	# Subjects
	set_autonomy = {
		target = NFL
		autonomous_state = autonomy_free
	}
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1935.11.14"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		fascist = 2
		authoritarian = 2
		democratic = 94
		socialist = 2
		communist = 0
	}
	add_ideas = {
		# Cabinet
		ENG_D_George_V
		ENG_FM_Samuel_Hoare
		ENG_AM_Neville_Chamberlain
		ENG_MoS_John_Simon
		# Military Staff
		ENG_CoStaff_A_MontgomeryMassingberd
		ENG_CoArmy_A_MontgomeryMassingberd
		ENG_CoNavy_Ernle_Chatfield
		ENG_CoAir_Owen_Boyd
	}
	swap_ideas = {
		remove_idea = ENG_Anglo_Irish_Trade_War_1
		add_idea = ENG_Anglo_Irish_Trade_War_2
	}
	######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Democracy
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Stanley Baldwin"
		desc = "Stanley_Baldwin_desc"
		picture = GFX_P_D_Stanley_Baldwin
		expire = "1947.1.1"
		ideology = social_conservatism
		traits = { POSITION_Prime_Minister SUBIDEOLOGY_Social_Conservatism L_Naive_Optimist }
	}
}
##################################
# United Kingdom - 1939
##################################
1939.9.1 = {
	add_to_faction = POL
	oob = "ENG_1939"
	add_ideas = {
		# Cabinet
		ENG_D_George_VI
		ENG_FM_Anthony_Eden
		ENG_AM_John_Simon
		ENG_MoS_Samuel_Hoare
		# Military Staff
		ENG_CoStaff_A_MontgomeryMassingberd
		ENG_CoArmy_A_MontgomeryMassingberd
		ENG_CoNavy_Ernle_Chatfield
		ENG_CoAir_Owen_Boyd
	}
	remove_ideas = {
		ENG_Anglo_Irish_Trade_War_2
	}
	# Faction
	set_faction_name = FACTION_Allies
	# Subjects
	set_autonomy = {
		target = EGY
		autonomous_state = autonomy_free
	}
	give_military_access = EGY
	give_guarantee = EGY
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Democracy
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Neville Chamberlain"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_D_Neville_Chamberlain
		expire = "1941.1.1"
		ideology = social_conservatism
		traits = { POSITION_Prime_Minister SUBIDEOLOGY_Social_Conservatism L_The_Pacifier }
	}
}
##################################
# United Kingdom - 1940
##################################
1940.5.10 = {
	add_ideas = {
		# Cabinet
		ENG_D_George_VI
		ENG_FM_Lord_Halifax
		ENG_AM_Kingsley_Wood
		ENG_MoS_Herbert_Morrison
		# Military Staff
		ENG_CoStaff_A_MontgomeryMassingberd
		ENG_CoArmy_A_MontgomeryMassingberd
		ENG_CoNavy_Ernle_Chatfield
		ENG_CoAir_Owen_Boyd
	}
	oob = "ENG_1940"
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Democracy
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Winston Churchill"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_D_Winston_Churchill
		expire = "1941.1.1"
		ideology = social_conservatism
		traits = { POSITION_Prime_Minister SUBIDEOLOGY_Social_Conservatism L_Bulldog }
	}
	add_to_faction = HOL
	add_to_faction = BEL
	add_to_faction = LUX
	add_to_faction = NOR
	add_to_faction = INS
}
##################################
# United Kingdom - 1941
##################################
1941.6.22 = {
	add_ideas = {
		ENG_FM_Anthony_Eden
	}
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	### Anglo-Thai Non-Aggression Pact
	diplomatic_relation = {
		country = SIA
		relation = non_aggression_pact
		active = yes
	}
	add_to_faction = YUG
	add_to_faction = GRE
}
##################################
# United Kingdom - 1942
##################################
1942.11.22 = {
	add_to_faction = USA
	add_to_faction = DOM
	add_to_faction = PAN
	add_to_faction = ELS
	add_to_faction = HAI
	add_to_faction = HON
	add_to_faction = NIC
	add_to_faction = GUA
	add_to_faction = CUB
	add_to_faction = MEX
	add_to_faction = BRA
	add_to_faction = COS
}
##################################
# United Kingdom - 1946
##################################
1946.1.1 = {
	diplomatic_relation = {
		country = EGY
		relation = guarantee
		active = no
	}
	diplomatic_relation = {
		country = EGY
		relation = military_access
		active = no
	}
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Democracy
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Clement Attlee"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_D_Clement_Attlee
		expire = "1941.1.1"
		ideology = social_democracy
		traits = { POSITION_Prime_Minister SUBIDEOLOGY_Social_Democracy L_Silent_Workhorse }
	}
}
##################################
# United Kingdom - 1950
##################################
1950.1.1 = {
	set_autonomy = {
		target = IRE
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SKK
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = JOR
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SWK
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = RAJ
		autonomy_state = AUTONOMY_Dominion
	}
}
##################################
# United Kingdom - 1953
##################################
1953.3.7 = {
	set_autonomy = {
		target = RAJ
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
}
##################################
# United Kingdom - 1960
##################################
1960.1.1 = {
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MAL
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
}
##################################
# United Kingdom - 1972
##################################
1972.1.1 = {
	set_autonomy = {
		target = RHD
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SAF
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = ZNB
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = KUW
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
}
##################################
# United Kingdom - 1991
##################################
1991.1.1 = {
	set_autonomy = {
		target = CAN
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = AST
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = BRU
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
}