recruit_character = JAP_Hirohito
recruit_character = JAP_Kiyoura_Keigo
recruit_character = JAP_Mizuno_Rentaro
recruit_character = JAP_Oura_Kanetake
recruit_character = JAP_Fujie_Keisuke
recruit_character = JAP_Nakajima_Kesago
recruit_character = JAP_Tanaka_Seiichi
recruit_character = JAP_Hirabayashi_Morito
recruit_character = JAP_Hiranuma_Kiichiro
recruit_character = JAP_Teshima_Fusataro
recruit_character = JAP_Kodama_Hideo
recruit_character = JAP_Nakamura_Aketo
recruit_character = JAP_Tojo_Hideki
recruit_character = JAP_Kato_Hakujiro
recruit_character = JAP_Odachi_Shigeo
recruit_character = JAP_Iimura_Jo
recruit_character = JAP_Goto_Shinpei
recruit_character = JAP_Fujiyama_Aiichiro
recruit_character = JAP_Kosaka_Zentaro
recruit_character = JAP_Ohira_Masayoshi
recruit_character = JAP_Ishii_Kikujiro
recruit_character = JAP_Makino_Nobuaki
recruit_character = JAP_Okuma_Shigenobu
recruit_character = JAP_Ushio_Shigenosuke
recruit_character = JAP_Suetsugu_Nobumasa
recruit_character = JAP_Baba_Eiichi
recruit_character = JAP_Kido_Koichi
recruit_character = JAP_Yasui_Eiji
recruit_character = JAP_Kobayashi_Seizo
recruit_character = JAP_Tanabe_Harumichi
recruit_character = JAP_Yusawa_Michio
recruit_character = JAP_Abe_Genki
recruit_character = JAP_Takeo_Hiranuma
recruit_character = JAP_Tokonami_Takejiro
recruit_character = JAP_Goto_Fumio
recruit_character = JAP_Kawarada_Kakichi
recruit_character = JAP_Omura_Seiichi
recruit_character = JAP_Horikiri_Zenjiro
recruit_character = JAP_Yamazaki_Iwao
recruit_character = JAP_Ishibashi_Tanzan
recruit_character = JAP_Ohashi_Takeo
recruit_character = JAP_Kimura_Tokutaro
recruit_character = JAP_Inukai_Takeru
recruit_character = JAP_Nakamura_Umekichi
recruit_character = JAP_Ueki_Koshiro
recruit_character = JAP_Hirata_Tosuke
recruit_character = JAP_Ikki_Kitokuro
recruit_character = JAP_Hitoshi_Shimazaki
recruit_character = JAP_Hara_Takashi
recruit_character = JAP_Ozaki_Yukio
recruit_character = JAP_Yamamoto_Tatsuo
recruit_character = JAP_Kimura_Kozaemon
recruit_character = JAP_Hanamura_Shiro
recruit_character = JAP_Morinaga_Teiichiro
recruit_character = JAP_Nosaka_Sanzo
recruit_character = JAP_Osugi_Sakae
recruit_character = JAP_Yamakawa_Hitoshi
recruit_character = JAP_Ichiki_Otohiko
recruit_character = JAP_Shoda_Kazue
recruit_character = JAP_Kobayashi_Ichizo
recruit_character = JAP_Kato_Sotomatsu
recruit_character = JAP_Nakajima_Chikuhei
recruit_character = JAP_Kawasaki_Takukichi
recruit_character = JAP_Ikeda_Shigeaki
recruit_character = JAP_Hatta_Yoshiaki
recruit_character = JAP_Kobayashi_Seiichi
recruit_character = JAP_Fujiwara_Ginjiro
recruit_character = JAP_Nomura_Kichisaburo
recruit_character = JAP_Matsuoka_Yosuke
recruit_character = JAP_Kishi_Nobusuke
recruit_character = JAP_Toyoda_Teijiro
recruit_character = JAP_Sakonji_Seizo
recruit_character = JAP_Yonai_Mitsumasa
recruit_character = JAP_Shintaro_Ishihara
recruit_character = JAP_Machida_Chuji
recruit_character = JAP_Ogawa_Gotaro
recruit_character = JAP_Godo_Takuo
recruit_character = JAP_Shigemitsu_Mamoru
recruit_character = JAP_Yoshida_Shigeru
recruit_character = JAP_Shidehara_Kijuro
recruit_character = JAP_Hatoyama_Ichiro
recruit_character = JAP_Ogasawara_Sankuro
recruit_character = JAP_Ikeda_Hayato
recruit_character = JAP_Mukai_Tadaharu
recruit_character = JAP_Ichimada_Hisato
recruit_character = JAP_Sato_Eisaku
recruit_character = JAP_Mizuta_Mikio
recruit_character = JAP_Tanaka_Kakuei
recruit_character = JAP_Saionji_Kinmochi
recruit_character = JAP_Sakatani_Yoshio
recruit_character = JAP_Shota_Kazue
recruit_character = JAP_Shibusawa_Eiichi
recruit_character = JAP_Takahashi_Korekiyo
recruit_character = JAP_Taketomi_Tokitoshi
recruit_character = JAP_Wakatsuki_Reijiro
recruit_character = JAP_Genda_Minoru
recruit_character = JAP_Noboru_Takeshita
recruit_character = JAP_Osachi_Hamaguchi
recruit_character = JAP_Inoue_Junnosuke
recruit_character = JAP_Yoshino_Shinji
recruit_character = JAP_Mizutani_Chosaburo
recruit_character = JAP_Hoshijima_Jiro
recruit_character = JAP_Suehiro_Nishio
recruit_character = JAP_Usami_Makoto
recruit_character = JAP_Tokuda_Kyuichi
recruit_character = JAP_Hiroshi_Murakami
recruit_character = JAP_Kawakami_Hajime
recruit_character = JAP_Sakai_Toshihiko
recruit_character = JAP_Kumakichi_Nakajima
recruit_character = JAP_Yamagata_Aritomo
recruit_character = JAP_Honma_Masaharu
recruit_character = JAP_Higuchi_Kiichiro
recruit_character = JAP_Araki_Sadao
recruit_character = JAP_Tsuchihashi_Yuitsu
recruit_character = JAP_Koiso_Kuniaki
recruit_character = JAP_Akashi_Motojiro
recruit_character = JAP_Yasumasa_Fukushima
recruit_character = JAP_Ugaki_Kazushige
recruit_character = JAP_Yasuji_Okamura
recruit_character = JAP_Takasu_Shiro
recruit_character = JAP_Nomura_Naokuni
recruit_character = JAP_Kano_Jigoro
recruit_character = JAP_Oka_Takazumi
recruit_character = JAP_Maeda_Minoru
recruit_character = JAP_Suzuki_Kantaro
recruit_character = JAP_Takami_Eto
recruit_character = JAP_Koto_Ryogoro
recruit_character = JAP_Ohara_Naoshi
recruit_character = JAP_Akiyama_Saneyuki
recruit_character = JAP_Tanaka_Giichi
recruit_character = JAP_Yamamoto_Gonnohyoe
recruit_character = JAP_Keitaro_Watanabe
recruit_character = JAP_Nosako_Sanzo
recruit_character = JAP_Katayama_Tetsu
recruit_character = JAP_Miyamoto_Kenji
recruit_character = JAP_Sugiyama_Hajime
recruit_character = JAP_Umezu_Yoshijiro
recruit_character = JAP_Oku_Yasukata
recruit_character = JAP_Oshima_Kenichi
recruit_character = JAP_Takashima_Tomonosuke
recruit_character = JAP_Terauchi_Masatake
recruit_character = JAP_Kanin_Kotohito
recruit_character = JAP_Abe_Nobuyuki
recruit_character = JAP_Mikawa_Gunichi
recruit_character = JAP_Toshio_Tomogami
recruit_character = JAP_Hasegawa_Yoshimichi
recruit_character = JAP_Kawai_Misao
recruit_character = JAP_Hirotsugu_Hayashida
recruit_character = JAP_Kanichiro_Tashiro
recruit_character = JAP_Kazuo_Tanigawa
recruit_character = JAP_Kusunose_Yukihiko
recruit_character = JAP_Oka_Ichinosuke
recruit_character = JAP_Kigoshi_Yasutsuna
recruit_character = JAP_Shirakawa_Yoshinori
recruit_character = JAP_Tasuku_Nakazawa
recruit_character = JAP_Osamura_Kajika
recruit_character = JAP_Ryonosuke_Kusaka
recruit_character = JAP_Takeshi_Mori
recruit_character = JAP_Fujioka_Takeo
recruit_character = JAP_Aotsu_Kikutara
recruit_character = JAP_Inanba_Satoru
recruit_character = JAP_Imai_Takeo
recruit_character = JAP_Fushiminomiya_Hiroyasu
recruit_character = JAP_Togo_Heihachiro
recruit_character = JAP_Kato_Hiroharu
recruit_character = JAP_Osumi_Mineo
recruit_character = JAP_Yamamoto_Isoroku
recruit_character = JAP_Koga_Mineichi
recruit_character = JAP_Soemu_Toyoda
recruit_character = JAP_Ozawa_Jisaburo
recruit_character = JAP_Nagano_Osami
recruit_character = JAP_Oikawa_Koshiro
recruit_character = JAP_Shimada_Shigetaro
recruit_character = JAP_Kato_Tomosaburo
recruit_character = JAP_Saito_Makoto
recruit_character = JAP_Suzuki_Kisaburo
recruit_character = JAP_Abe_Isoo
recruit_character = JAP_Kyuichi_Tokuda
recruit_character = JAP_Takarabe_Takeshi
recruit_character = JAP_Yashiro_Rokuro
recruit_character = JAP_Ijuin_Goro
recruit_character = JAP_Murakami_Kakuichi
recruit_character = JAP_Atsuo_Egashira
recruit_character = JAP_Yoshizawa_Kenkichi
recruit_character = JAP_Okada_Keisuke
recruit_character = JAP_Kawai_Akira
recruit_character = JAP_Shunroku_Hata
recruit_character = JAP_Yamashita_Tomoyuki
recruit_character = JAP_Doihara_Kenji
recruit_character = JAP_Anami_Korechika
recruit_character = JAP_Ushiroku_Jun
recruit_character = JAP_Sugawara_Michio
recruit_character = JAP_Higashikuni_Naruhiko
recruit_character = JAP_Wada_Misao
recruit_character = JAP_Kawabe_Masakazu
recruit_character = JAP_Inoue_Shigeyoshi
recruit_character = JAP_Nishizo_Tsukahara
recruit_character = JAP_Inoue_Ikutaro
recruit_character = JAP_Tokugawa_Yoshitoshi
recruit_character = JAP_Yamamoto_Eisuke
recruit_character = JAP_Hino_Kumazo
recruit_character = JAP_Fukui_Yoshi
recruit_character = JAP_Hitoshi_Imamura
recruit_character = JAP_Mitsuo_Fuchida
recruit_character = JAP_Tateo_Kato
recruit_character = JAP_Matome_Ugaki
recruit_character = JAP_Tomoyuki_Yamashita
recruit_character = JAP_Hisaichi_Terauchi
recruit_character = JAP_Akira_Muto
recruit_character = JAP_Kanji_Ishiwara
recruit_character = JAP_Nakano_Seigo
recruit_character = JAP_Shizuichi_Tanaka
recruit_character = JAP_Toshizo_Nishio
recruit_character = JAP_Ando_Rikichi
recruit_character = JAP_Naruhiko_Higashikuni
recruit_character = JAP_Seishiro_Itagaki
recruit_character = JAP_Kenji_Doihara
recruit_character = JAP_Kenkichi_Ueda
recruit_character = JAP_Shigeru_Honjo
recruit_character = JAP_Yoshijiro_Umezu
recruit_character = JAP_Hatazo_Adachi
recruit_character = JAP_Iwane_Matsui
recruit_character = JAP_Sadao_Araki
recruit_character = JAP_Keisuke_Fujie
recruit_character = JAP_Kiichiro_Higuchi
recruit_character = JAP_Masaharu_Homma
recruit_character = JAP_Sokichi_Takagi
recruit_character = JAP_Hasegawa_Kiyoshi
recruit_character = JAP_Nobutake_Kondo
recruit_character = JAP_Zengo_Yoshida
recruit_character = JAP_Chuichi_Nagumo
recruit_character = JAP_Arita_Hachiro
recruit_character = JAP_Togo_Shigenori
recruit_character = JAP_Tani_Masayuki
recruit_character = JAP_Motono_Ichiro
recruit_character = JAP_Hirota_Koki
recruit_character = JAP_Sato_Naotake
recruit_character = JAP_Hayashi_Senjuro
recruit_character = JAP_Konoe_Fumimaro
recruit_character = JAP_Okinori_Kaya
recruit_character = JAP_Arahata_Kanson
recruit_character = JAP_Shiga_Yoshio
recruit_character = JAP_Kenjiro_Ueda
recruit_character = JAP_Kanichiro_Kubota
recruit_character = JAP_Sidehara_Kijuro
recruit_character = JAP_Inukai_Tsuyoshi
recruit_character = JAP_Ashida_Hitoshi
recruit_character = JAP_Kato_Takaaki
recruit_character = JAP_Shintaro_Abe
recruit_character = JAP_Uchida_Kosai
recruit_character = JAP_Fushimi_no_miya_Hiroyasu
recruit_character = JAP_Fujinuma_Shouhei
recruit_character = JAP_Yuki_Toyotaro
recruit_character = JAP_Yukio_Sakurauchi
recruit_character = JAP_Ogura_Masatsune
recruit_character = JAP_Sotaro_Ishiwata
recruit_character = JAP_Toyosaku_Hirose
recruit_character = JAP_Kazuo_Aoki

#########################################################################
# Empire of Japan - 1933
#########################################################################
1933.1.1 = {
	capital = 282
	set_stability = 0.4
	set_war_support = 0.7
	oob = "JAP_1933"
	set_research_slots = 4
	set_convoys = 400
	add_to_variable = {
		money = 400
	}
	#######################
	# Research
	#######################
	set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1

		### Infantry Tech
		Small_Arms_1900 = 1
		Small_Arms_1916 = 1
		Infantry_Kit_1914 = 1
		Infantry_Kit_1918 = 1

		Heavy_Weapons_1905 = 1
		Heavy_Weapons_1916 = 1
		### Artillery Tech
		Artillery_1910 = 1
		Anti_Aircraft_Gun_1914 = 1
		Artillery_Range_Finding_and_Surveying_Tools = 1
		Infantry_Support_Gun_1914 = 1
		Artillery_1916 = 1
		High_Explosive_Shells = 1
		Split_Trail_Carriage = 1
		Motor_Compatible_Carriage = 1
		# Armour Tech
		Motorized_1916 = 1
		Armored_Car_1911 = 1
		Armored_Car_1916 = 1
		Armored_Car_1926 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1916 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1917 = 1
		Light_Tank_1917 = 1
		Light_Tank_1919 = 1
		Light_Tank_1926 = 1
		### Air Tech
		Unarmed_Recon_1910 = 1
		Fighter_1914 = 1
		Fighter_1916 = 1
		Fighter_1918 = 1
		Fighter_1924 = 1
		Fighter_1933 = 1
		cv_Fighter_1918 = 1
		cv_Fighter_1924 = 1
		cv_Fighter_1933 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1916 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1918 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1924 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1933 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1914 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1916 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1918 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1925 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1933 = 1
		Strategic_Bomber_1916 = 1
		Strategic_Bomber_1933 = 1
		Naval_Bomber_1918 = 1
		Naval_Bomber_1925 = 1
		Attacker_1933 = 1
		### Naval Stuff
		DD_1885 = 1
		DD_1900 = 1
		DD_1912 = 1
		DD_1916 = 1
		DD_1922 = 1
		DD_1933 = 1
		CL_1885 = 1
		CL_1900 = 1
		CL_1912 = 1
		CL_1922 = 1
		CL_1933 = 1
		CA_1885 = 1
		CA_1895 = 1
		CA_1906 = 1
		CA_1922 = 1
		CA_1933 = 1
		SS_1895 = 1
		SS_1912 = 1
		SS_1916 = 1
		SS_1922 = 1
		BC_1906 = 1
		BC_1912 = 1
		BC_1916 = 1
		BC_1933 = 1
		BB_1885 = 1
		BB_1895 = 1
		BB_1900 = 1
		BB_1906 = 1
		BB_1912 = 1
		BB_1916 = 1
		BB_1922 = 1
		CV_1912 = 1
		CV_1916 = 1
		CV_1922 = 1
		CV_1930 = 1
		transport = 1
		base_strike = 1
		### Industry
		Industrial_Management = 1
		Factory_Electrification = 1
		Facilities_Design = 1
		Moving_Assembly_Line = 1
		Mass_Production = 1
		Basic_Construction_Machines = 1
		Novel_Drills = 1
		Contemporary_Construction_Standards = 1
		Advanced_Drilling_Method = 1
		Construction_Site_Management = 1
		Motorized_Plowing = 1
		Farm_Tractors = 1
		Scientific_Agricultural_Processes = 1
		Rudimentary_Oil_Refining = 1
		### Land Doctrines
		Twentieth_Century_Warfare = 1
		Leading_by_Order = 1
		Strongpoint = 1
		Mass_Charge = 1
		Static_Defence = 1
		Counterattack = 1
		Defence_In_Depth = 1
		Separate_Arms_Force = 1
		Combined_Arms_Effort = 1
		Specialized_Branch_Tactical_Experience = 1
		Beyond_Trench_Warfare = 1
		### Engineering
		computing_1 = 1
		computing_2 = 1
		computing_3 = 1
		computing_4 = 1
		decryption_encryption_1 = 1
		### Experimental Research
		rocketry_1 = 1
		nuclear_1 = 1
		### Support Companies
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_1 = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_2 = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_3 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_1 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_2 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_3 = 1
		tech_amphibious_1 = 1
		tech_amphibious_2 = 1
		tech_amphibious_3 = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		tech_recon2 = 1
		tech_recon3 = 1
		tech_recon4 = 1
		tech_military_police = 1
		tech_military_police2 = 1
		tech_military_police3 = 1
		tech_military_police4 = 1
		tech_signal_company = 1
		tech_signal_company2 = 1
		tech_field_hospital = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_1 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_2 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_3 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_1 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_2 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_3 = 1
		tech_logistics_company = 1
		tech_logistics_company2 = 1
		tech_logistics_company3 = 1
		tech_logistics_company4 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company = 1
		tech_maintenance_company2 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company3 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company4 = 1
	}
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	set_country_flag = Allows_Fascists_Ministers
	set_country_flag = Allows_Authortitarian_Ministers
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = authoritarian
		last_election = "1933.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		fascist = 2
		authoritarian = 15
		democratic = 82
		socialist = 1
		communist = 0
	}
	lock_slider_army_spending = yes
	lock_slider_research_spending = yes
	lock_slider_social_spending = yes
	### Great Depression/Unemployment
	add_ideas = generic_unemployment_idea
	set_variable = {
		unemployment_value_modifier = 0.2
	}
	set_variable = {
		current_unemployment = 0.05
	}
	clamp_variable = {
		var = current_unemployment
		min = 0
		max = 1
	}
	update_unemployment_modifier = yes
	add_ideas = {
		# National Spirits
		JAP_The_Fading_Ballot_Box
		JAP_The_Military_Ascendant
		JAP_Rivalries_Of_War_Neutral
		JAP_Divided_Command_System
		# Laws & Policies
		limited_exports
		one_year_service
		partial_economic_mobilisation
		interventionism
		legalistic_restrictions
		# Cabinet
		JAP_Hirohito_HoG
		JAP_Uchida_Kosai_FM
		JAP_Yamamoto_Tatsuo_MoS
		JAP_Takahashi_Korekiyo_AM
		# Military Staff
		JAP_Kanin_Kotohito_CoStaff
		JAP_Araki_Sadao_CoArmy
		JAP_Osumi_Mineo_CoNavy
		JAP_Yamamoto_Isoroku_CoAir
		JAP_Fujinuma_Shouhei_HoI
		# Spending
		army_spending_level_4
		research_spending_level_4
		social_spending_level_3
	}
	create_intelligence_agency = {
		name = "G-2 Department"
		icon = "GFX_intelligence_agency_logo_jap"
	}
	country_event = { id = JAP_Aizawa_Incident.6 days = 372 }
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MAN
		autonomous_state = AUTONOMY_Imperial_Protectorate
	}
}

#########################################################################
# Empire of Japan - 1936
#########################################################################
1936.1.1 = {
	capital = 282
	set_stability = 0.65
	set_war_support = 0.8
	oob = "JAP_1936"
	set_research_slots = 5
	set_convoys = 400
	#######################
	# Research
	#######################
	set_technology = {
		Small_Arms_1916 = 1
		Small_Arms_1935 = 1
		tech_support = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		Motorized_1916 = 1
		marines = 1
		Artillery_1910 = 1
		cv_Fighter_1933 = 1
		cv_Attacker_1936 = 1
		Torpedo_bomber_1936 = 1
		Fighter_1933 = 1
		Naval_Bomber_1936 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1933 = 1
		Attacker_1936 = 1
		Strategic_Bomber_1933 = 1
		# Armour Tech
		Heavy_Tank_1916 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1917 = 1
		Light_Tank_1926 = 1
		Light_Tank_1934 = 1
		# Air Tech
		cv_Attacker_1933 = 1
		#Naval Stuff
		DD_1885 = 1
		DD_1900 = 1
		DD_1912 = 1
		DD_1916 = 1
		DD_1922 = 1
		DD_1933 = 1
		CL_1885 = 1
		CL_1900 = 1
		CL_1912 = 1
		CL_1922 = 1
		CL_1933 = 1
		CL_1936 = 1
		CA_1885 = 1
		CA_1895 = 1
		CA_1906 = 1
		CA_1922 = 1
		CA_1933 = 1
		CA_1936 = 1
		SS_1895 = 1
		SS_1912 = 1
		SS_1916 = 1
		SS_1922 = 1
		SS_1933 = 1
		HSS_1933 = 1
		BC_1906 = 1
		BC_1912 = 1
		BC_1916 = 1
		BC_1933 = 1
		BB_1885 = 1
		BB_1895 = 1
		BB_1900 = 1
		BB_1906 = 1
		BB_1912 = 1
		BB_1916 = 1
		BB_1922 = 1
		BB_1933 = 1
		CV_1912 = 1
		CV_1916 = 1
		CV_1922 = 1
		CV_1930 = 1
		CV_1933 = 1
		CV_1936 = 1
		transport = 1
		Trench_Warfare = 1
		base_strike = 1
	}
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = authoritarian
		last_election = "1936.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		fascist = 10
		authoritarian = 46
		democratic = 42
		socialist = 2
		communist = 0
	}
	add_ideas = {
		# National Spirits
		JAP_The_Fading_Ballot_Box
		JAP_The_Military_Ascendant
		JAP_Rivalries_Of_War_Neutral
		# Laws & Policies
		limited_exports
		one_year_service
		partial_economic_mobilisation
		interventionism
		legalistic_restrictions
		# Cabinet
		JAP_D_Hirohito
		JAP_FM_Hirota_Koki
		JAP_MoS_Goto_Fumio
		JAP_HoI_Okamura_Yasuji
		# Military Staff
		JAP_CoStaff_Kanin_Kotohito
		JAP_CoArmy_Kanin_Kotohito
		JAP_CoNavy_Osumi_Mineo
		JAP_CoAir_Yamamoto_Isoroku
	}
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	create_import = {
		resource = oil
		factories = 2
		exporter = USA
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = EHB
		autonomous_state = AUTONOMY_Puppet
	}
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Autocracy
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Okada Keisuke"
		desc = "Okada_Keisuke_desc"
		picture = GFX_P_A_Okada_Keisuke
		expire = "1938.1.1"
		ideology = authoritarian_democracy
		traits = {
			POSITION_Prime_Minister
			SUBIDEOLOGY_Authoritarian_Democracy
			L_Old_Admiral
		}
	}
}

#########################################################################
# Empire of Japan - 1939
#########################################################################
1939.9.1 = {
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1937.7.7
			has_start_date < 1945.9.2
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = CHI
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = PRC
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = SHX
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = YUN
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = XIK
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = XSM
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = GXC
			type = annex_everything
		}
	}
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	set_autonomy = {
		target = RNG
		autonomous_state = AUTONOMY_Puppet
	}
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Autocracy
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Saito Makoto"
		desc = "Saito_Makoto_desc"
		picture = GFX_P_A_Saito_Makoto
		expire = "1938.1.1"
		ideology = authoritarian_democracy
		traits = {
			POSITION_Prime_Minister
			SUBIDEOLOGY_Authoritarian_Democracy
			L_Old_Admiral
		}
	}
}

#########################################################################
# Empire of Japan - 1940
#########################################################################
1940.5.10 = {
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	set_autonomy = {
		target = EHB
		autonomous_state = autonomy_free
	}
}

#########################################################################
# Empire of Japan - 1940
#########################################################################
1941.6.22 = {
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	### Soviet–Japanese Neutrality Pact
	diplomatic_relation = {
		country = SOV
		relation = non_aggression_pact
		active = yes
	}
}

#########################################################################
# Empire of Japan - 1944
#########################################################################
1944.6.20 = {
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = fascist
		last_election = "1936.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		fascist = 88
		authoritarian = 12
		democratic = 0
		socialist = 0
		communist = 0
	}
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Fascism
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Hideki Tojo"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_F_Hideki_Tojo
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = fascism
		traits = {
		}
	}
	# Autocracy
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Naruhiko Higashikuni"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_M_Naruhiko_Higashikuni
		expire = "1938.1.1"
		ideology = authoritarian_democracy
		traits = {
		}
	}
	# Democracy
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Hitoshi Ashida"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_L_Hitoshi_Ashida
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = social_liberalism
		traits = {
		}
	}
	# Socialism
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Abe Isoo"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_S_Abe_Isoo
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = socialism
		traits = {
		}
	}
	# Marxism-Leninism
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Kyuichi Tokuda"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_C_Kyuichi_Tokuda
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = marxism_leninism
		traits = {
		}
	}
}

#########################################################################
# Occupied Japan - 1946
#########################################################################
1946.1.1 = {
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	set_cosmetic_tag = JAP_OCCUPIED
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = authoritarian
		last_election = "1933.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		fascist = 0
		authoritarian = 100
		democratic = 0
		socialist = 0
		communist = 0
	}
	add_ideas = {
		JAP_D_Hirohito_2
	}
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Autocracy
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Douglas MacArthur"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_USA_A_Douglas_MacArthur
		expire = "1952.1.1"
		ideology = military_dictatorship
		traits = {
		}
	}
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	dismantle_faction = yes
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MEN
		autonomous_state = autonomy_free
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MAN
		autonomous_state = autonomy_free
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = RNG
		autonomous_state = autonomy_free
	}
	JAP = {
		white_peace = CHI
		white_peace = SHD
		white_peace = HCP
	}
}
