recruit_character = SOV_Nikolai_I_Yezhov
recruit_character = SOV_Joseph_Stalin
recruit_character = SOV_Nikolai_Podvoisky
recruit_character = SOV_Gregori_N_Zhilenkov
recruit_character = SOV_Alexander_F_Kerensky
recruit_character = SOV_Nikolai_Bukharin
recruit_character = SOV_Maksim_M_Litvinov
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_Silayev
recruit_character = SOV_Vladimir_Lenin
recruit_character = SOV_Aleksey_Rykov
recruit_character = SOV_Lev_Kamenev
recruit_character = SOV_Alexei_Kosygin
recruit_character = SOV_Konstantin_Chernenko
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_Gorbachev
recruit_character = SOV_Nikolai_Ryzhkov
recruit_character = SOV_Valentin_Pavlov
recruit_character = SOV_Leon_Trotsky
recruit_character = SOV_Sergey_Kirov
recruit_character = SOV_Vyacheslav_M_Molotov
recruit_character = SOV_Lavrentiy_Beria
recruit_character = SOV_Nikolai_Voznesensky
recruit_character = SOV_Andrei_Zhdanov
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_Suslov
recruit_character = SOV_Anastas_Mikoyan
recruit_character = SOV_Aleksandr_Vasilevsky
recruit_character = SOV_Nikolay_A_Bulganin
recruit_character = SOV_Nikita_S_Khrushchev
recruit_character = SOV_Nikolai_Tikhonov
recruit_character = SOV_Vladimir_Malyshkin
recruit_character = SOV_Boris_Menshagin
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_Bukin
recruit_character = SOV_Igor_N_Troubetzkoy
recruit_character = SOV_Moisey_Uritsky
recruit_character = SOV_Yakov_Agranov
recruit_character = SOV_Grigoriy_Petrovsky
recruit_character = SOV_Feliks_Dzerzhinsky
recruit_character = SOV_Aleksandr_Beloborodov
recruit_character = SOV_Maria_Spiridonova
recruit_character = SOV_Grigory_Y_Zinoviev
recruit_character = SOV_Genrikh_G_Yagoda
recruit_character = SOV_Sergej_Uritskiy
recruit_character = SOV_Vyacheslav_Menzhinsky
recruit_character = SOV_Alexander_G_Orlov
recruit_character = SOV_Sergiy_G_Gendin
recruit_character = SOV_Alexey_P_Panfilov
recruit_character = SOV_Roman_A_Rudenko
recruit_character = SOV_Sergey_N_Kruglov
recruit_character = SOV_Nikolay_Dudorov
recruit_character = SOV_Yekaterina_Furtseva
recruit_character = SOV_Sergei_Sokolov
recruit_character = SOV_Viktor_Chebrikov
recruit_character = SOV_Sergei_Kruglov
recruit_character = SOV_Anton_Scheglov
recruit_character = SOV_Hryhoriy_Hrynko
recruit_character = SOV_Vlas_Chubar
recruit_character = SOV_Vladimir_M_Smirnov
recruit_character = SOV_Vitaly_Primakov
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_Dubovoy
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_Belov
recruit_character = SOV_Grigori_Kulik
recruit_character = SOV_Pavel_Dybenko
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_P_Tomsky
recruit_character = SOV_Isidore_Gukovsky
recruit_character = SOV_Nikolay_Krestinsky
recruit_character = SOV_Vladimir_AntonovOvseyenko
recruit_character = SOV_Boris_Savinkov
recruit_character = SOV_Grigory_Sokolnikov
recruit_character = SOV_Alexey_A_Kuznetsov
recruit_character = SOV_Vasily_Garbuzov
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_SkvortsovStepanov
recruit_character = SOV_Naftaly_Frenkel
recruit_character = SOV_Lazar_M_Kaganovich
recruit_character = SOV_Georgiy_D_Bazilevich
recruit_character = SOV_Georgy_Malenkov
recruit_character = SOV_Dimitry_F_Ustinov
recruit_character = SOV_Boris_L_Vannikov
recruit_character = SOV_Vasily_Sokolovsky
recruit_character = SOV_Sergey_Korolev
recruit_character = SOV_Rodion_Y_Malinovsky
recruit_character = SOV_Arseny_Zverev
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_A_Meandrov
recruit_character = SOV_Yakov_Peters
recruit_character = SOV_Martin_Latsis
recruit_character = SOV_Jozef_Unszlicht
recruit_character = SOV_Grigory_Ordzhonikidze
recruit_character = SOV_Yan_K_Berzin
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_IProskurov
recruit_character = SOV_Semyon_G_Gendin
recruit_character = SOV_Filip_I_Golikov
recruit_character = SOV_Igor_I_Ilichev
recruit_character = SOV_Fedor_F_Kuznetsov
recruit_character = SOV_Viktor_S_Abakumov
recruit_character = SOV_Sergei_M_Shtemenko
recruit_character = SOV_Matvei_Zakharov
recruit_character = SOV_M_A_Shalin
recruit_character = SOV_Semyon_D_Ignatyev
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_A_Serov
recruit_character = SOV_Aleksandr_N_Shelepin
recruit_character = SOV_Vladimir_Y_Semichastny
recruit_character = SOV_Yuri_Andropov
recruit_character = SOV_Semyon_Uritsky
recruit_character = SOV_Alexander_Nikonov
recruit_character = SOV_Semyon_Gendin
recruit_character = SOV_Alexander_Orlov
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_Proskurov
recruit_character = SOV_Filipp_Golikov
recruit_character = SOV_Alexei_Panfilov
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_Ilyichev
recruit_character = SOV_Viktor_Abakumov
recruit_character = SOV_Fyodor_Trikhin
recruit_character = SOV_Konstantin_K_Rokossovsky
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_BonchBruyevich
recruit_character = SOV_Nikolay_Rattel
recruit_character = SOV_Fedor_Kostyaev
recruit_character = SOV_Pavel_Lebedev
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_Frunze
recruit_character = SOV_Vasily_Blyukher
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_Katukov
recruit_character = SOV_Nikolai_Kashirin
recruit_character = SOV_Roberts_Eidemanis
recruit_character = SOV_August_Kork
recruit_character = SOV_Iona_Yakir
recruit_character = SOV_Ieronim_Uborevich
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_Fedko
recruit_character = SOV_Yan_Gamarnik
recruit_character = SOV_Semyon_Budyonny
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_N_Tukhatchevskiy
recruit_character = SOV_Kliment_Y_Voroshilov
recruit_character = SOV_Boris_M_Shaposhnikov
recruit_character = SOV_Kirill_A_Meretskov
recruit_character = SOV_Alesandr_M_Vasilevskiy
recruit_character = SOV_Aleksei_I_Antonov
recruit_character = SOV_Sergei_Akhromeyev
recruit_character = SOV_Alexander_Yegorov
recruit_character = SOV_Boris_Shaposhnikov
recruit_character = SOV_Kirill_Meretskov
recruit_character = SOV_Georgy_Zhukov
recruit_character = SOV_Aleksei_Antonov
recruit_character = SOV_Vitaly_Maltsev
recruit_character = SOV_Nikolay_Krylenko
recruit_character = SOV_Jukums_Vacietis
recruit_character = SOV_Filipp_Oktyabrsky
recruit_character = SOV_Oka_Gorodovikov
recruit_character = SOV_Sergey_Kamenev
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_Artemyevich_Muravyov
recruit_character = SOV_Semen_K_Timoshenko
recruit_character = SOV_Vasily_Petrov
recruit_character = SOV_Kliment_Voroshilov
recruit_character = SOV_Semyon_Timoshenko
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_Konev
recruit_character = SOV_P_Drozd
recruit_character = SOV_Nikolay_G_Kuznetsov
recruit_character = SOV_Modest_Ivanov
recruit_character = SOV_Vasiliy_Altfater
recruit_character = SOV_Yevgeny_Berens
recruit_character = SOV_Aleksandr_Nemits
recruit_character = SOV_Eduard_Pantserzhansky
recruit_character = SOV_Vyacheslav_Zof
recruit_character = SOV_Vladimir_M_Orlov
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_S_Isakov
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_V_Viktorov
recruit_character = SOV_Lev_Galler
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_Viktorov
recruit_character = SOV_Pyotr_Smirnov
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_Frinovsky
recruit_character = SOV_Nikolai_Kuznetsov
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_Yumashev
recruit_character = SOV_Vladimir_Chernavin
recruit_character = SOV_Sergey_Gorshkov
recruit_character = SOV_SA_Chernykh
recruit_character = SOV_Pavel_V_Rychagov
recruit_character = SOV_Konstantin_Akashev
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_Solovov
recruit_character = SOV_Aleksandr_Vorotnikov
recruit_character = SOV_Andrey_Sergeev
recruit_character = SOV_Andrey_Znamensky
recruit_character = SOV_Arkady_Rosengolts
recruit_character = SOV_Pyotr_Baranov
recruit_character = SOV_Yakov_I_Alksnis
recruit_character = SOV_Aleksandr_E_Golovanov
recruit_character = SOV_Yefimov_Nikolayevich
recruit_character = SOV_Aleksandr_D_Loktionov
recruit_character = SOV_Pavel_F_Zhigarev
recruit_character = SOV_Alexander_A_Novikov
recruit_character = SOV_YV_Vladimiroch
recruit_character = SOV_Yakov_Smushkevich
recruit_character = SOV_Aleksandr_Loktionov
recruit_character = SOV_Pavel_Rychagov
recruit_character = SOV_Pavel_Zhigarev
recruit_character = SOV_Alexander_Novikov
recruit_character = SOV_Konstantin_Vershinin
recruit_character = SOV_Sergei_Khudyakov
recruit_character = SOV_Stepan_Krasovsky
recruit_character = SOV_Vladimir_Kasatonov
recruit_character = SOV_Gordey_Levchenko
recruit_character = SOV_Arseniy_Golovko
recruit_character = SOV_Konstantin_Rodzaevsky
recruit_character = SOV_Kirill_Vladimirovich
recruit_character = SOV_Pavel_Milyukov
recruit_character = SOV_Viktor_Chernov
recruit_character = SOV_Andrey_Vlasov

#########################################################################
# Soviet Union - 1933
#########################################################################
1933.1.1 = {
	capital = 219
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.8
	oob = "SOV_1933"
	set_research_slots = 3
	set_convoys = 50
	add_to_variable = {
		money = 300
	}
	#######################
	# Research
	#######################
	set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1

		### Infantry Tech
		Small_Arms_1900 = 1
		Small_Arms_1916 = 1
		Infantry_Kit_1914 = 1
		Infantry_Kit_1918 = 1
		Heavy_Weapons_1905 = 1
		Heavy_Weapons_1916 = 1
		### Support Units
		tech_recon = 1
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_mountaineers = 1
		tech_logistics_company = 1
		### Artillery Tech
		Artillery_1910 = 1
		Anti_Aircraft_Gun_1914 = 1
		Artillery_Range_Finding_and_Surveying_Tools = 1
		Infantry_Support_Gun_1914 = 1
		Artillery_1916 = 1
		High_Explosive_Shells = 1
		Split_Trail_Carriage = 1
		Motor_Compatible_Carriage = 1
		Optical_Sighting_Mechanism = 1
		### Armour Tech
		Motorized_1916 = 1
		Armored_Car_1911 = 1
		Armored_Car_1916 = 1
		Armored_Car_1926 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1916 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1917 = 1
		Light_Tank_1917 = 1
		Light_Tank_1919 = 1
		Light_Tank_1926 = 1
		Medium_Tank_1926 = 1
		### Air Tech
		Unarmed_Recon_1910 = 1
		Fighter_1914 = 1
		Fighter_1916 = 1
		Fighter_1918 = 1
		Fighter_1924 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1916 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1918 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1924 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1914 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1916 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1918 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1925 = 1
		Strategic_Bomber_1916 = 1
		Naval_Bomber_1918 = 1
		Naval_Bomber_1925 = 1
		Attacker_1933 = 1
		### Naval Stuff
		DD_1885 = 1
		DD_1900 = 1
		DD_1912 = 1
		DD_1916 = 1
		DD_1922 = 1
		CL_1885 = 1
		CL_1900 = 1
		CL_1912 = 1
		CL_1922 = 1
		CL_1933 = 1
		CA_1885 = 1
		CA_1895 = 1
		CA_1906 = 1
		CA_1922 = 1
		CA_1933 = 1
		SS_1895 = 1
		SS_1912 = 1
		SS_1916 = 1
		SS_1922 = 1
		BC_1906 = 1
		BC_1912 = 1
		BC_1916 = 1
		BB_1885 = 1
		BB_1895 = 1
		BB_1900 = 1
		BB_1906 = 1
		BB_1912 = 1
		BB_1916 = 1
		BB_1922 = 1
		transport = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		### Industry
		Industrial_Management = 1
		Factory_Electrification = 1
		Facilities_Design = 1
		Moving_Assembly_Line = 1
		Mass_Production = 1
		Concentrated_Industry = 1
		Basic_Construction_Machines = 1
		Motorized_Plowing = 1
		Farm_Tractors = 1
		### Land Doctrine Tech
		Twentieth_Century_Warfare = 1
		Leading_by_Task = 1
		Strongpoint = 1
		Mass_Charge = 1
		Static_Defence = 1
		Counterattack = 1
		Schwerpunkt = 1
		Separate_Arms_Force = 1
		Combined_Arms_Effort = 1
		Cross_Branch_Tactical_Experience = 1
		Beyond_Trench_Warfare = 1
		Manpower_Focus = 1
		### Engineering
		computing_1 = 1
		computing_2 = 1
		computing_3 = 1
		computing_4 = 1
		decryption_encryption_1 = 1
		### Experimental Research
		rocketry_1 = 1
		rocketry_2 = 1
		nuclear_1 = 1
		### Support Companies
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_1 = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_2 = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_3 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_1 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_2 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_3 = 1
		tech_amphibious_1 = 1
		tech_amphibious_2 = 1
		tech_amphibious_3 = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		tech_recon2 = 1
		tech_recon3 = 1
		tech_recon4 = 1
		tech_military_police = 1
		tech_military_police2 = 1
		tech_military_police3 = 1
		tech_military_police4 = 1
		tech_signal_company = 1
		tech_field_hospital = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_1 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_2 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_1 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_2 = 1
		tech_logistics_company = 1
		tech_logistics_company2 = 1
		tech_logistics_company3 = 1
		tech_logistics_company4 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company = 1
		tech_maintenance_company2 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company3 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company4 = 1
	}
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = communist
		last_election = "1933.7.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		fascist = 0
		authoritarian = 2
		democratic = 8
		socialist = 10
		communist = 80
	}
	set_country_flag = Maksim_M_Litvinov_unavailable
	add_ideas = {
		# National Spirits
		SOV_The_Great_Soviet_Famine
		SOV_Aftermath_of_the_Ryutin_Affair
		SOV_Final_Phase_of_the_Decossackization
		SOV_Deficient_Economy
		SOV_Soviet_Collectivization
		SOV_High_Agricultural_Employment
		SOV_General_Recruitment_Blocked
		# Laws & Policies
		isolationism
		industrializing_economy
		two_year_service
		totalitarian_system
		# Cabinet
		SOV_Vyacheslav_M_Molotov_HoG
		SOV_Maksim_M_Litvinov_FM
		SOV_Vyacheslav_Menzhinsky_MoS
		SOV_Hryhoriy_Hrynko_AM
		SOV_Yan_K_Berzin_HoI
		SOV_Mikhail_Kalinin_M
		SOV_Lazar_M_Kaganovich_M
		# Military Staff
		SOV_Alexander_Yegorov_CoStaff
		SOV_Kliment_Y_Voroshilov_CoArmy
		SOV_Vladimir_M_Orlov_CoNavy
		SOV_Yakov_I_Alksnis_CoAir
	}
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	create_faction = FACTION_Communist_International
	add_to_faction = SOV
	add_to_faction = MON
	add_to_faction = TAN
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MON
		autonomy_state = AUTONOMY_Satellite
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = TAN
		autonomy_state = AUTONOMY_Satellite
	}
	diplomatic_relation = {
		country = FIN
		relation = non_aggression_pact
		active = yes
	}
}

#########################################################################
# Soviet Union - 1936
#########################################################################
1936.1.1 = {
	oob = "SOV_1936"
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = communist
		last_election = "1933.7.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		fascist = 0
		authoritarian = 2
		democratic = 8
		socialist = 10
		communist = 80
	}
	remove_ideas = {
		SOV_Collectivization_Process
		SOV_Ethnic_Nationalism
	}
	add_ideas = {
		# National Spirits
		# Laws & Policies
		isolationism
		industrializing_economy
		two_year_service
		totalitarian_system
		# Cabinet
		SOV_D_Vyacheslav_M_Molotov
		SOV_FM_Maksim_M_Litvinov
		SOV_AM_Lazar_M_Kaganovich
		SOV_MoS_Genrikh_G_Yagoda
		SOV_HoI_Yan_K_Berzin
		# Military Staff
		SOV_CoStaff_Mikhail_N_Tukhatchevskiy
		SOV_CoArmy_Kliment_Y_Voroshilov
		SOV_CoNavy_Vladimir_M_Orlov
		SOV_CoAir_Yakov_I_Alksnis
	}
	create_intelligence_agency = {
		name = "NKVD"
		icon = "GFX_intelligence_agency_logo_sov"
	}
}

############################################
# Soviet Union - 1939
############################################
1939.9.1 = {
	oob = "SOV_1939"
	set_cosmetic_tag = SOV_1936
}

############################################
# Soviet Union - 1940
############################################
1940.5.10 = {
	oob = "SOV_1940"
}

############################################
# Soviet Union - 1944
############################################
1944.6.20 = {
	oob = "SOV_1944"
	add_to_faction = YUG
}

############################################
# Soviet Union - 1945
############################################
1945.1.1 = {
	add_to_faction = ROM
	add_to_faction = BUL
}

############################################
# Soviet Union - 1946
############################################
1946.1.1 = {
	remove_ideas = {
		SOV_The_Great_Soviet_Famine
		SOV_Aftermath_of_the_Ryutin_Affair
		SOV_Final_Phase_of_the_Decossackization
		SOV_Deficient_Economy
	}
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Communism
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Joseph Stalin"
		desc = "Joseph_Stalin_desc"
		picture = GFX_P_C_Joseph_Stalin_OLD
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = stalinism
		traits = {
			POSITION_General_Secretary
			SUBIDEOLOGY_Stalinism
			L_Paranoid_Megalomaniac
		}
	}
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	set_faction_name = FACTION_Eastern_Bloc
	set_autonomy = {
		target = ROM
		autonomy_state = AUTONOMY_Satellite
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = POL
		autonomy_state = AUTONOMY_Satellite
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = HUN
		autonomy_state = AUTONOMY_Satellite
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = CZE
		autonomy_state = AUTONOMY_Satellite
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = BUL
		autonomy_state = AUTONOMY_Satellite
	}
}

############################################
# Soviet Union - 1950
############################################
1950.1.1 = {
	set_autonomy = {
		target = DDR
		autonomy_state = AUTONOMY_Satellite
	}
	remove_from_faction = YUG
}

############################################
# Soviet Union - 1956
############################################
1956.1.1 = {
	set_faction_name = "Warsaw Pact"
	set_cosmetic_tag = SOV_1955
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Communism
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Nikita S. Khrushchev"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_C_Nikita_Khrushchev_OLD
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = marxism_leninism
		traits = {
			POSITION_General_Secretary
			SUBIDEOLOGY_Marxism_Leninism
			L_Die_Hard_Reformer
		}
	}
}

############################################
# Soviet Union - 1972
############################################
1972.1.1 = {
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Communism
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Leonid I. Brezhnev"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_C_Leonid_Brezhnev
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = marxism_leninism
		traits = {
			POSITION_General_Secretary
			SUBIDEOLOGY_Marxism_Leninism
			L_Stern_Imperialist
		}
	}
}

############################################
# Soviet Union - 1991
############################################
1991.1.1 = {
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	dismantle_faction = yes
	set_autonomy = {
		target = ROM
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = POL
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = HUN
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = CZE
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = BUL
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MON
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = democratic
		name = SOV_democratic_2000_party
		long_name = SOV_democratic_2000_party_long
	}
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Communism
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Mikhail Gorbachev"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_C_Mikhail_Gorbachev
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = marxism_leninism
		traits = {
			POSITION_General_Secretary
			SUBIDEOLOGY_Marxism_Leninism
			L_Die_Hard_Reformer
		}
	}
}

#########################################################################
# Russian Federation - 2000
#########################################################################
2000.1.1 = {
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	create_faction = FACTION_CSTO
	add_to_faction = BLR
	add_to_faction = UKR
	add_to_faction = UZB
	add_to_faction = TMS
	add_to_faction = TAJ
	add_to_faction = KYR
	add_to_faction = KAZ
	add_to_faction = GEO
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	set_cosmetic_tag = SOV_RUSFED
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1933.7.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		fascist = 0
		authoritarian = 2
		democratic = 80
		socialist = 10
		communist = 8
	}
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Democratic
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Vladimir Putin"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_D_Vladimir_Putin
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = national_conservatism
		traits = {
			POSITION_President
			SUBIDEOLOGY_Social_Conservatism
			L_Autocratic_Charmer
		}
	}
}
