#########################################################################
# Characters
#########################################################################
recruit_character = USA_Fritz_Kuhn
recruit_character = USA_John_J_Pershing
recruit_character = USA_HR_Mengert
recruit_character = USA_Edward_House
recruit_character = USA_Robert_Lansing
recruit_character = USA_Oscar_W_Underwood
recruit_character = USA_Homer_S_Cummings
recruit_character = USA_Gerald_K_Smith
recruit_character = USA_Robert_E_Wood
recruit_character = USA_Dr_Samuel_Green
recruit_character = USA_Garret_A_Hobart
recruit_character = USA_Charles_Coughlin
recruit_character = USA_Burton_K_Wheeler
recruit_character = USA_Charles_G_Dawes
recruit_character = USA_Charles_Curtis
recruit_character = USA_Charles_McNary
recruit_character = USA_Henry_A_Wallace
recruit_character = USA_Cordell_Hull
recruit_character = USA_Lawrence_Dennis
recruit_character = USA_Strom_Thurmond
recruit_character = USA_Cornelius_N_Bliss
recruit_character = USA_William_McKinley
recruit_character = USA_Theodore_Roosevelt
recruit_character = USA_William_H_Taft
recruit_character = USA_Warren_G_Harding
recruit_character = USA_Bainbridge_Colby
recruit_character = USA_Charles_Evans_Hughes
recruit_character = USA_Frank_Knox
recruit_character = USA_John_Bricker
recruit_character = USA_Earl_Warren
recruit_character = USA_Richard_M_Nixon
recruit_character = USA_Joseph_McCarthy
recruit_character = USA_Henry_Cabot_Lodge_jr
recruit_character = USA_William_Jennings_Bryan
recruit_character = USA_Alfred_E_Smith
recruit_character = USA_Arthur_Vandenberg
recruit_character = USA_Gerald_Nye
recruit_character = USA_Allen_Tate
recruit_character = USA_John_Foster_Dulles
recruit_character = USA_Christian_A_Herter
recruit_character = USA_William_V_Allen
recruit_character = USA_Alton_B_Parker
recruit_character = USA_Woodrow_Wilson
recruit_character = USA_Thomas_R_Marshall
recruit_character = USA_Edith_Wilson
recruit_character = USA_James_M_Cox
recruit_character = USA_John_W_Davis
recruit_character = USA_Charles_W_Bryan
recruit_character = USA_Joseph_Taylor_Robinson
recruit_character = USA_John_Nance_Garner
recruit_character = USA_Harry_L_Hopkins
recruit_character = USA_Joel_B_Clark
recruit_character = USA_Harry_S_Truman
recruit_character = USA_Alben_W_Barkley
recruit_character = USA_John_Sparkman
recruit_character = USA_Estes_Kefauver
recruit_character = USA_Lyndon_B_Johnson
recruit_character = USA_Hubert_Humphrey
recruit_character = USA_Eugene_V_Debs
recruit_character = USA_Allan_L_Benson
recruit_character = USA_Robert_M_LaFollette
recruit_character = USA_Morris_Hillquit
recruit_character = USA_James_Cannon
recruit_character = USA_Joseph_P_Lash
recruit_character = USA_John_Reed
recruit_character = USA_William_Z_Foster
recruit_character = USA_Benjamin_Gitlow
recruit_character = USA_Martin_Abern
recruit_character = USA_James_W_Ford
recruit_character = USA_William_D_Pelley
recruit_character = USA_Ray_Lymon_Wilbur
recruit_character = USA_William_Randolph_Hearst
recruit_character = USA_Hugh_L_Scott
recruit_character = USA_Prescott_Sheldon_Bush
recruit_character = USA_Gerald_B_Winrod
recruit_character = USA_Samuel_Roper
recruit_character = USA_Ethan_A_Hitchcock
recruit_character = USA_John_Sherman
recruit_character = USA_John_Hay
recruit_character = USA_Philander_C_Knox
recruit_character = USA_William_Borah
recruit_character = USA_James_R_Garfield
recruit_character = USA_Richard_A_Ballinger
recruit_character = USA_Stanley_Finch
recruit_character = USA_Walter_L_Fisher
recruit_character = USA_William_J_Flynn
recruit_character = USA_Alexander_M_Palmer
recruit_character = USA_William_J_Burns
recruit_character = USA_Harold_Ickes
recruit_character = USA_Frank_Murphy
recruit_character = USA_Robert_H_Jackson
recruit_character = USA_Hugh_Simons_Gibson
recruit_character = USA_Gordon_J_Knight
recruit_character = USA_Douglas_McKay
recruit_character = USA_George_B_McClellan
recruit_character = USA_Benjamin_Tillman
recruit_character = USA_Alexander_Bruce_Bielaski
recruit_character = USA_J_Edgar_Hoover
recruit_character = USA_Hugo_Black
recruit_character = USA_Victor_Selden_Clark
recruit_character = USA_Francis_B_Biddle
recruit_character = USA_Julius_A_Krug
recruit_character = USA_Oscar_L_Chapman
recruit_character = USA_Frank_J_Lausche
recruit_character = USA_Henry_Chalmers
recruit_character = USA_Daniel_Hoan
recruit_character = USA_William_Aalto
recruit_character = USA_Charles_Chaplin
recruit_character = USA_Culbert_Levy_Olson
recruit_character = USA_Dean_Rusk
recruit_character = USA_Emil_Seidel
recruit_character = USA_James_Byrnes
recruit_character = USA_Floyd_B_Olson
recruit_character = USA_Archibald_MacLeish
recruit_character = USA_Albert_Goldman
recruit_character = USA_Raymond_Charles_Moley
recruit_character = USA_John_Abt
recruit_character = USA_Jessica_Smith
recruit_character = USA_James_P_Cannon
recruit_character = USA_Jacob_Panken
recruit_character = USA_James_Paul_Warburg
recruit_character = USA_Robert_Minor
recruit_character = USA_Henry_Ford
recruit_character = USA_Francis_Townsend
recruit_character = USA_William_F_Lemke
recruit_character = USA_Lyman_J_Gage
recruit_character = USA_Leslie_M_Shaw
recruit_character = USA_George_Cortelyou
recruit_character = USA_Franklin_MacVeagh
recruit_character = USA_David_F_Houston
recruit_character = USA_Andrew_W_Mellon
recruit_character = USA_Norman_H_Davis
recruit_character = USA_Ogden_L_Mills
recruit_character = USA_Daniel_C_Roper
recruit_character = USA_Harry_H_Woodring
recruit_character = USA_Warren_G_Hooper
recruit_character = USA_John_D_Rockefeller_Jr
recruit_character = USA_Frederick_Vinson
recruit_character = USA_Louis_Johnson
recruit_character = USA_Joseph_Bracken_Lee
recruit_character = USA_Nelson_A_Rockefeller
recruit_character = USA_George_M_Humphrey
recruit_character = USA_Robert_B_Anderson
recruit_character = USA_Augustus_Bacon
recruit_character = USA_John_W_Smith
recruit_character = USA_WG_McAdoo
recruit_character = USA_Carter_Glass
recruit_character = USA_David_Dubinsky
recruit_character = USA_Robert_F_Wagner
recruit_character = USA_William_H_Woodin
recruit_character = USA_Jesse_H_Jones
recruit_character = USA_Henry_L_Stimson
recruit_character = USA_Preston_T_Tucker
recruit_character = USA_Henry_J_Kaiser
recruit_character = USA_Dean_Acheson
recruit_character = USA_Robert_P_Patterson
recruit_character = USA_John_W_Snyder
recruit_character = USA_Herbert_R_OConnor
recruit_character = USA_Robert_A_Lovett
recruit_character = USA_C_Douglas_Dillon
recruit_character = USA_Fred_Warren
recruit_character = USA_Victor_Berger
recruit_character = USA_Henry_Morgenthau
recruit_character = USA_George_H_Dern
recruit_character = USA_Leroy_Grumman
recruit_character = USA_Averell_H_Harriman
recruit_character = USA_Kenneth_C_Royall
recruit_character = USA_Wyndham_Mortimer
recruit_character = USA_Lemart_Harris
recruit_character = USA_Walther_Reuther
recruit_character = USA_Eugene_Dennis
recruit_character = USA_Max_Shachtman
recruit_character = USA_Abram_Jakira
recruit_character = USA_Elizabeth_Gurley_Flynn
recruit_character = USA_Upton_Sinclair
recruit_character = USA_Dr_Hiram_W_Evans
recruit_character = USA_Dr_James_A_Colescott
recruit_character = USA_Ezra_Pound
recruit_character = USA_Francis_Parker_Yockey
recruit_character = USA_Ralph_Van_Deman
recruit_character = USA_Charles_Willoughby
recruit_character = USA_Nelson_A_Miles
recruit_character = USA_Marlborough_Churchill
recruit_character = USA_Dennis_E_Nolan
recruit_character = USA_Stuart_Heintzelman
recruit_character = USA_William_K_Naylor
recruit_character = USA_James_H_Reeves
recruit_character = USA_William_J_Donovan
recruit_character = USA_Hoyt_S_Vandenberg
recruit_character = USA_John_Howard_Pyle
recruit_character = USA_Allen_W_Dulles
recruit_character = USA_Joseph_Kuhn
recruit_character = USA_William_F_Friedman
recruit_character = USA_Frank_B_Rowlett
recruit_character = USA_Vincent_Astor
recruit_character = USA_Adolf_Berle
recruit_character = USA_Roscoe_H_Hillenkoetter
recruit_character = USA_Walter_BedellSmith
recruit_character = USA_William_Preston_Lane
recruit_character = USA_Peter_C_Reilly
recruit_character = USA_John_A_McCone
recruit_character = USA_Sidney_Souers
recruit_character = USA_Harry_Haywood
recruit_character = USA_Joseph_Vanzler
recruit_character = USA_Parker_Sage
recruit_character = USA_Leonard_Wood
recruit_character = USA_Larry_K_Arnold
recruit_character = USA_Samuel_Young
recruit_character = USA_Adna_R_Chaffee
recruit_character = USA_John_C_Bates
recruit_character = USA_William_W_Wotherspoon
recruit_character = USA_Tasker_H_Bliss
recruit_character = USA_Peyton_C_March
recruit_character = USA_John_L_Hines
recruit_character = USA_Charles_Pelot_Summerall
recruit_character = USA_Walter_Krueger
recruit_character = USA_Lloyd_Fredendall
recruit_character = USA_Leslie_McNair
recruit_character = USA_Jonathan_Wainwright
recruit_character = USA_Russell_Hartle
recruit_character = USA_Leonard_Gerow
recruit_character = USA_Edward_Brooks
recruit_character = USA_Clarence_Huebner
recruit_character = USA_Alexander_Patch
recruit_character = USA_William_Simpson
recruit_character = USA_J_Lawton_Collins
recruit_character = USA_Douglas_MacArthur
recruit_character = USA_Herbert_Hoover
recruit_character = USA_Norman_Thomas
recruit_character = USA_Earl_Browder
recruit_character = USA_William_D_Leahy
recruit_character = USA_Dwight_D_Eisenhower
recruit_character = USA_Omar_N_Bradley
recruit_character = USA_Arthur_W_Radford
recruit_character = USA_Nathan_F_Twining
recruit_character = USA_Malin_Craig
recruit_character = USA_Geoffrey_Keyes
recruit_character = USA_Lucian_Truscott
recruit_character = USA_Thomas_Connally
recruit_character = USA_Edward_Stettinius
recruit_character = USA_Walker_Lyerly
recruit_character = USA_George_C_Marshall
recruit_character = USA_Joe_L_Collins
recruit_character = USA_Lyman_L_Lemnitzer
recruit_character = USA_Maxwell_D_Taylor
recruit_character = USA_Hans_Amlie
recruit_character = USA_George_Van_Horn_Moseley
recruit_character = USA_George_S_Patton
recruit_character = USA_J_Franklin_Bell
recruit_character = USA_Matthew_B_Ridgway
recruit_character = USA_Joseph_Stilwell
recruit_character = USA_Oscar_Griswold
recruit_character = USA_Maurice_Rose
recruit_character = USA_Earnest_King
recruit_character = USA_Mark_Clark
recruit_character = USA_George_H_Decker
recruit_character = USA_Earle_G_Wheeler
recruit_character = USA_David_McKenzie_Key
recruit_character = USA_Oliver_Law
recruit_character = USA_Steve_Nelson
recruit_character = USA_Robert_Merriman
recruit_character = USA_William_Halsey
recruit_character = USA_George_Dewey
recruit_character = USA_Thomas_E_Dewey
recruit_character = USA_Wallace_H_White_Jr
recruit_character = USA_Robert_E_Coontz
recruit_character = USA_Edward_W_Eberle
recruit_character = USA_Charles_F_Hughes
recruit_character = USA_William_V_Pratt
recruit_character = USA_Robert_L_Ghormley
recruit_character = USA_Thomas_C_Hart
recruit_character = USA_Ernest_J_King
recruit_character = USA_Andrew_J_Higgins
recruit_character = USA_Louis_EDenfeld
recruit_character = USA_Forrest_P_Sherman
recruit_character = USA_William_R_Fechteler
recruit_character = USA_Robert_B_Carney
recruit_character = USA_Arleigh_A_Burke
recruit_character = USA_Claude_A_Swanson
recruit_character = USA_William_H_Standley
recruit_character = USA_Harold_R_Stark
recruit_character = USA_Chester_W_Nimitz
recruit_character = USA_James_V_Forrestal
recruit_character = USA_William_C_Bullitt
recruit_character = USA_George_W_Anderson
recruit_character = USA_David_L_McDonald
recruit_character = USA_William_S_Benson
recruit_character = USA_Charles_Edison
recruit_character = USA_Nathan_B_Forrest_III
recruit_character = USA_Charles_Lindbergh
recruit_character = USA_Martin_J_Monti
recruit_character = USA_William_Mitchell
recruit_character = USA_Curtis_LeMay
recruit_character = USA_Arthur_Hyde
recruit_character = USA_James_Farley
recruit_character = USA_Benjamin_Foulois
recruit_character = USA_William_Kenly
recruit_character = USA_Mason_Patrick
recruit_character = USA_Charles_Menoher
recruit_character = USA_James_Fechet
recruit_character = USA_Henry_H_Arnold
recruit_character = USA_Carl_A_Spaatz
recruit_character = USA_Hoyt_Vandenberg
recruit_character = USA_Thomas_D_White
recruit_character = USA_Charles_Chandler
recruit_character = USA_Ira_C_Eaker
recruit_character = USA_Oscar_Westover
recruit_character = USA_Courtney_Hodges
recruit_character = USA_Jimmy_Doolittle
recruit_character = USA_John_K_Cannon
recruit_character = USA_Claire_Lee_Chennault
recruit_character = USA_Raymond_Spruance
recruit_character = USA_William_Halsey_Jr
recruit_character = USA_Raymond_A_Spruance
recruit_character = USA_Harold_Rainsford_Stark
recruit_character = USA_Arleigh_Burke
recruit_character = USA_Charles_M_Cooke
recruit_character = USA_Frank_Jack_Fletcher
recruit_character = USA_Thomas_C_Kinkaid
recruit_character = USA_Sam_Darcy

#########################################################################
# United States of America - 1933
#########################################################################
1933.1.1 = {
	capital = 784
	set_convoys = 542
	set_stability = 0.7
	set_war_support = 0
	oob = "USA_1933"
	set_research_slots = 4
	add_to_variable = { money = 900 }
	#######################
	# Research
	#######################
	set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1

		### Infantry Tech
		Small_Arms_1900 = 1
		Small_Arms_1916 = 1
		Infantry_Kit_1914 = 1
		Infantry_Kit_1918 = 1

		Heavy_Weapons_1905 = 1
		Heavy_Weapons_1916 = 1
		### Support Company Tech
		tech_recon = 1
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		Artillery_1910 = 1
		Motorized_1916 = 1
		### Artillery Tech
		Artillery_1910 = 1
		Anti_Aircraft_Gun_1914 = 1
		Artillery_Range_Finding_and_Surveying_Tools = 1
		Infantry_Support_Gun_1914 = 1
		Artillery_1916 = 1
		### Armour Tech
		Motorized_1916 = 1
		Armored_Car_1911 = 1
		Armored_Car_1916 = 1
		Armored_Car_1926 = 1
		Light_Tank_1917 = 1
		Light_Tank_1926 = 1
		Medium_Tank_1926 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1916 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1917 = 1
		### Air Tech
		Unarmed_Recon_1910 = 1
		Fighter_1914 = 1
		Fighter_1916 = 1
		Fighter_1918 = 1
		Fighter_1924 = 1
		Fighter_1933 = 1
		cv_Fighter_1918 = 1
		cv_Fighter_1924 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1916 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1918 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1924 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1914 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1916 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1918 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1925 = 1
		Strategic_Bomber_1916 = 1
		Naval_Bomber_1918 = 1
		Naval_Bomber_1925 = 1
		### Naval Stuff
		DD_1885 = 1
		DD_1900 = 1
		DD_1912 = 1
		DD_1916 = 1
		DD_1922 = 1
		CL_1885 = 1
		CL_1900 = 1
		CL_1912 = 1
		CL_1922 = 1
		CL_1933 = 1
		CL_1936 = 1
		CA_1885 = 1
		CA_1895 = 1
		CA_1906 = 1
		CA_1922 = 1
		CA_1933 = 1
		CA_1936 = 1
		SS_1895 = 1
		SS_1912 = 1
		SS_1916 = 1
		SS_1922 = 1
		BC_1906 = 1
		BC_1912 = 1
		BC_1916 = 1
		BB_1885 = 1
		BB_1895 = 1
		BB_1900 = 1
		BB_1906 = 1
		BB_1912 = 1
		BB_1916 = 1
		BB_1922 = 1
		CV_1912 = 1
		CV_1916 = 1
		CV_1922 = 1
		CV_1930 = 1
		CV_1933 = 1
		transport = 1
		base_strike = 1
		### Industry
		Industrial_Management = 1
		Factory_Electrification = 1
		Facilities_Design = 1
		Moving_Assembly_Line = 1
		Mass_Production = 1
		Concentrated_Industry = 1
		Basic_Construction_Machines = 1
		Novel_Drills = 1
		Contemporary_Construction_Standards = 1
		Advanced_Drilling_Method = 1
		Construction_Site_Management = 1
		Motorized_Plowing = 1
		Farm_Tractors = 1
		Scientific_Agricultural_Processes = 1
		Mechanized_Agriculture = 1
		Rudimentary_Oil_Refining = 1
		### Land Doctrines
		Twentieth_Century_Warfare = 1
		Leading_by_Order = 1
		Strongpoint = 1
		Mass_Charge = 1
		Static_Defence = 1
		Counterattack = 1
		Defence_In_Depth = 1
		Separate_Arms_Force = 1
		Combined_Arms_Effort = 1
		Specialized_Branch_Tactical_Experience = 1
		Beyond_Trench_Warfare = 1
		### Engineering
		computing_1 = 1
		computing_2 = 1
		computing_3 = 1
		computing_4 = 1
		decryption_encryption_1 = 1
		decryption_encryption_2 = 1
		### Experimental Research
		rocketry_1 = 1
		rocketry_2 = 1
		nuclear_1 = 1
		### Support Companies
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_1 = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_2 = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_3 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_1 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_2 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_3 = 1
		tech_amphibious_1 = 1
		tech_amphibious_2 = 1
		tech_amphibious_3 = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		tech_recon2 = 1
		tech_recon3 = 1
		tech_recon4 = 1
		tech_military_police = 1
		tech_military_police2 = 1
		tech_military_police3 = 1
		tech_military_police4 = 1
		tech_signal_company = 1
		tech_signal_company2 = 1
		tech_field_hospital = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_1 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_2 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_3 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_1 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_2 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_3 = 1
		tech_logistics_company = 1
		tech_logistics_company2 = 1
		tech_logistics_company3 = 1
		tech_logistics_company4 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company = 1
		tech_maintenance_company2 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company3 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company4 = 1
	}
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1932.11.8"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		fascist = 0
		authoritarian = 0
		democratic = 98
		socialist = 2
		communist = 0
	}
	### Great Depression/Unemployment
	set_variable = { unemployment_value_modifier = 2 }
	set_variable = { current_unemployment = 0.25 }
	clamp_variable = {
		var = current_unemployment
		min = 0
		max = 1
	}
	update_unemployment_modifier = yes
	add_ideas = {
		# National Spirits
		USA_Land_of_the_Free
		USA_The_Great_Depression
		USA_the_Noble_Experiment
		USA_The_Lochner_Era
		# GENERIC_London_Naval_Treaty
		# Laws & Policies
		neutrality
		volunteer_only
		free_trade
		reign_of_jim_crow
		# Vice President
		USA_Charles_Curtis_HoG
		# Foreign Minister
		USA_Henry_L_Stimson_FM
		# Armament Minister
		USA_Ogden_L_Mills_AM
		# Minister of Security
		USA_Ray_Lymon_Wilbur_MoS
		# Ministers
		#USA_William_Mitchell_M
		#USA_Arthur_Hyde_M
		# Chief of Army
		USA_Douglas_MacArthur_CoArmy
	}
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	SAU = { give_resource_rights = { receiver = USA state = 292 } }
	#Monroe Doctrine
	give_guarantee = CAN
	give_guarantee = NFL
	give_guarantee = MEX
	give_guarantee = CUB
	give_guarantee = HAI
	give_guarantee = DOM
	give_guarantee = GUA
	give_guarantee = HON
	give_guarantee = ELS
	give_guarantee = NIC
	give_guarantee = COS
	give_guarantee = PAN
	give_guarantee = VEN
	give_guarantee = COL
	give_guarantee = ECU
	give_guarantee = PRU
	give_guarantee = BRA
	give_guarantee = BOL
	give_guarantee = CHL
	give_guarantee = PAR
	give_guarantee = ARG
	give_guarantee = URG
	set_autonomy = {
		target = PHI
		autonomous_state =  AUTONOMY_Insular_Government
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = HAI
		autonomous_state =  AUTONOMY_Satellite
	}
}
#########################################################################
# United States of America - 1936
#########################################################################
1936.1.1 = {
	capital = 784
	set_convoys = 684
	set_stability = 0.75
	set_war_support = 0
	oob = "USA_1936"
	set_research_slots = 4
	#######################
	# Research
	#######################
	set_technology = {
		Small_Arms_1916 = 1
		Small_Arms_1935 = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		Artillery_1910 = 1
		Motorized_1916 = 1
		### Armour Tech
		Light_Tank_1917 = 1
		Light_Tank_1926 = 1
		Medium_Tank_1926 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1916 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1917 = 1
		# Air Tech
		Fighter_1933 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1933 = 1
		cv_Fighter_1933 = 1
		Torpedo_bomber_1936 = 1
		Naval_Bomber_1936 = 1
		Attacker_1936 = 1
		cv_Attacker_1933 = 1
		cv_Attacker_1936 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1933 = 1
		Strategic_Bomber_1933 = 1
		Strategic_Bomber_1936 = 1
		#Naval Stuff
		DD_1885 = 1
		DD_1900 = 1
		DD_1912 = 1
		DD_1916 = 1
		DD_1922 = 1
		DD_1933 = 1
		CL_1885 = 1
		CL_1900 = 1
		CL_1912 = 1
		CL_1922 = 1
		CL_1933 = 1
		CL_1936 = 1
		CA_1885 = 1
		CA_1895 = 1
		CA_1906 = 1
		CA_1922 = 1
		CA_1933 = 1
		CA_1936 = 1
		SS_1895 = 1
		SS_1912 = 1
		SS_1916 = 1
		SS_1922 = 1
		SS_1933 = 1
		BC_1906 = 1
		BC_1912 = 1
		BC_1916 = 1
		BB_1885 = 1
		BB_1895 = 1
		BB_1900 = 1
		BB_1906 = 1
		BB_1912 = 1
		BB_1916 = 1
		BB_1922 = 1
		BB_1933 = 1
		CV_1912 = 1
		CV_1916 = 1
		CV_1922 = 1
		CV_1930 = 1
		CV_1933 = 1
		CV_1936 = 1
		transport = 1
		#
		Superior_Firepower = 1
		base_strike = 1
	}
	#######################
	# Completed Focuses
	#######################
	complete_national_focus = USA_Houdini_in_the_House
	complete_national_focus = USA_the_Good_Neighbour
	complete_national_focus = USA_Shore_up_Banks
	complete_national_focus = USA_Employment_for_the_Youth
	complete_national_focus = USA_Reduce_Agricultural_Surplus
	complete_national_focus = USA_Provide_Affordable_Power
	complete_national_focus = USA_Alleviate_Household_Unemployment
	complete_national_focus = USA_Provide_Aid_and_Relief
	complete_national_focus = USA_Invest_in_Public_Works
	complete_national_focus = USA_Abandon_Gold_Standard
	complete_national_focus = USA_Reduce_Fraudulent_Wall_Street_Activities
	complete_national_focus = USA_Drinks_on_the_House
	complete_national_focus = USA_Civil_Works_Administration
	complete_national_focus = USA_Protect_Currency
	complete_national_focus = USA_Restore_Confidence_in_the_Banks
	complete_national_focus = USA_Raise_Food_Prices
	complete_national_focus = USA_Blue_Eagle_Campaing
	complete_national_focus = USA_Road_Goes_Both_Ways
	complete_national_focus = USA_Regulate_Securities_Exchange
	complete_national_focus = USA_The_Second_New_Deal
	complete_national_focus = USA_Expand_Youth_Program
	complete_national_focus = USA_Curtail_Unfair_Labor_Practices
	complete_national_focus = USA_Improve_Nation_Infrastructure
	complete_national_focus = USA_Electrify_Countryside
	complete_national_focus = USA_Ressetle_Dust_Bowl_Families
	complete_national_focus = USA_Aid_the_Elderly
	complete_national_focus = USA_Threaten_Big_Corporations
	complete_national_focus = USA_Support_American_Artisans
	complete_national_focus = USA_Relieve_Puerto_Rico
	complete_national_focus = USA_Federal_Petroleum_Board
	complete_national_focus = USA_Introduce_the_Wealth_Tax
	complete_national_focus = USA_an_Act_of_Neutrality
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1932.11.8"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		fascist = 0
		authoritarian = 0
		democratic = 100
		socialist = 0
		communist = 0
	}
	set_variable = { current_unemployment = 0.17 }
	add_ideas = {
		# National Spirits
		# Laws & Policies
		volunteer_only
		free_trade
		# Cabinet
		USA_D_John_Nance_Garner
		USA_FM_Cordell_Hull
		USA_AM_Henry_Morgenthau
		USA_MoS_J_Edgar_Hoover
		USA_HoI_William_F_Friedman
		# Military Staff
		USA_CoStaff_Malin_Craig
		USA_CoArmy_Malin_Craig
		USA_CoNavy_William_H_Standley
		USA_CoAir_Oscar_Westover
	}
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	#Monroe Doctrine
	give_guarantee = CAN
	give_guarantee = MEX
	give_guarantee = CUB
	give_guarantee = HAI
	give_guarantee = DOM
	give_guarantee = GUA
	give_guarantee = HON
	give_guarantee = ELS
	give_guarantee = NIC
	give_guarantee = COS
	give_guarantee = PAN
	give_guarantee = VEN
	give_guarantee = COL
	give_guarantee = ECU
	give_guarantee = PRU
	give_guarantee = BRA
	give_guarantee = BOL
	give_guarantee = CHL
	give_guarantee = PAR
	give_guarantee = ARG
	give_guarantee = URG
	set_autonomy = {
		target = PHI
		autonomous_state =  AUTONOMY_Puppet
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = HAI
		autonomous_state =  autonomy_free
	}
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Democracy
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Franklin D. Roosevelt"
		desc = "Franklin_Roosevelt_desc"
		picture = GFX_P_D_Franklin_Roosevelt
		expire = "1945.4.12"
		ideology = social_liberalism
		traits = { POSITION_President SUBIDEOLOGY_Social_Liberalism L_Democratic_Idealist }
	}
}


#########################################################################
# United States of America - 1942
#########################################################################
1942.11.22 = {
	create_intelligence_agency = {
		name = "Office of Strategic Services"
		icon = "GFX_intelligence_agency_logo_usa"
	}
}
#########################################################################
# United States of America - 1943
#########################################################################
1943.7.26 = {
	set_faction_leader = yes
	add_to_faction = BOL
}
#########################################################################
# United States of America - 1944
#########################################################################
1944.6.20 = {
	add_to_faction = ITA
	add_to_faction = COL
	add_to_faction = LIB
	add_ideas = {
		one_year_service
		tot_economic_mobilisation
		USA_Land_of_the_Free
	}
}
##################################
# United States of America - 1945
##################################
1945.1.1 = {
	######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	add_to_faction = FIN
}
#########################################################################
# United States of America - 1946
#########################################################################
1946.1.1 = {
	add_nuclear_bombs = 9
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Democracy
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Harry S. Truman"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_D_Harry_Truman
		expire = "1945.4.12"
		ideology = social_liberalism
		traits = { POSITION_President SUBIDEOLOGY_Social_Liberalism L_Die_Hard_Reformer }
	}
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	set_autonomy = {
		target = JAP
		autonomy_state = AUTONOMY_Integrated_Puppet
	}
	#dissolve_faction = yes
}
#########################################################################
# United States of America - 1950
#########################################################################
1950.1.1 = {
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	create_intelligence_agency = {
		name = "Central Intelligence Agency"
		icon = "GFX_intelligence_agency_logo_usa"
	}
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	create_faction = FACTION_NATO
	add_to_faction = ENG
	add_to_faction = FRA
	add_to_faction = CAN
	add_to_faction = ICE
	add_to_faction = NOR
	add_to_faction = DEN
	add_to_faction = BEL
	add_to_faction = HOL
	add_to_faction = LUX
	add_to_faction = ITA
	add_to_faction = POR
	remove_from_faction = AST
	remove_from_faction = NZL
	remove_from_faction = SAF
	remove_from_faction = RAJ
	remove_from_faction = MAL
}
#########################################################################
# United States of America - 1953
#########################################################################
1953.3.7 = {
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Democracy
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Dwight D. Eisenhower"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_M_Dwight_D_Eisenhower
		expire = "1945.4.12"
		ideology = social_conservatism
		traits = { POSITION_President SUBIDEOLOGY_Social_Conservatism L_Resigned_Generalissimo }
	}
	add_to_faction = GRE
	add_to_faction = TUR
}
#########################################################################
# United States of America - 1956
#########################################################################
1956.1.1 = {
	add_to_faction = FRG
}
#########################################################################
# United States of America - 1972
#########################################################################
1972.1.1 = {
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Democracy
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Richard M. Nixon"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_D_Richard_Nixon
		expire = "1999.4.12"
		ideology = social_conservatism
		traits = { POSITION_President SUBIDEOLOGY_Social_Conservatism L_Barking_Buffoon }
	}
}
#########################################################################
# United States of America - 1980
#########################################################################
1980.1.1 = {
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Democracy
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Jimmy Carter"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_D_Jimmy_Carter
		expire = "1999.4.12"
		ideology = social_liberalism
		traits = { POSITION_President SUBIDEOLOGY_Social_Liberalism L_Popular_Figurehead }
	}
}
#########################################################################
# United States of America - 1991
#########################################################################
1991.1.1 = {
	add_to_faction = SPA
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Democracy
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "George H. W. Bush"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_D_George_H_W_Bush
		expire = "2020.4.12"
		ideology = social_conservatism
		traits = { POSITION_President SUBIDEOLOGY_Social_Conservatism L_Weary_Stiff_Neck }
	}
}
#########################################################################
# United States of America - 2000
#########################################################################
2000.1.1 = {
	add_to_faction = CZE
	add_to_faction = HUN
	add_to_faction = POL
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Democracy
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Bill Clinton"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_D_Bill_Clinton
		expire = "2020.4.12"
		ideology = social_liberalism
		traits = { POSITION_President SUBIDEOLOGY_Social_Liberalism L_Naive_Optimist }
	}
}